 In just a moment here, the Aldrich family.
 But first, this is Bob McKenzie.
 You may never have thought about it, but...
 NBC spells variety in weekday listening too.
 There's Bob Hope and Dave Garaway,
 with two of the most entertaining 15 minutes in radio.
 Welcome, travelers. Bring you Tommy Bartlett and interviews with visitors to the Windy City,
 while each weekday evening, John Cameron Swayze, gives you a capsule commentary on the "Sightlights" on the news.
 Yes, day in and week out, your best bet in radio is this station.
 Now it's the Aldrich family on NBC.
 [music]
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, mother!
 [applause]
 Yes, it's the Aldrich family, as transcribed, written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 [Music]
 117 Elm Street in Centerville is a house like many other houses,
 and it might be a very Solomon State place if there weren't a boy in it.
 And when that boy is a typical teenager like Henry Aldrich,
 well, it's a place where unexpected things are always happening.
 The scene opens and one of Sunnyville's grocery stores.
 The time is afternoon.
 Hello, hello.
 Hello, Mother. This is Henry.
 Henry, Henry Aldridge, your son.
 Oh, is everything all right there? Are you all through with the store?
 Practically. I just wanted to tell you, though, they're all out of men's meat, and I've been to two other stores.
 What's that? They don't have any men's meat at all?
 No. Mr. Preston said people shouldn't let their shop and go till the day before Thanksgiving.
 He said that...
 Dear, I don't care what he said, it's going to be a blow to your father.
 But I guess he'll have to be satisfied with pumpkin pie.
 I know, but they don't have any pumpkins either.
 Don't they have any canned pumpkin?
 Oh, canned pumpkin?
 And Henry, have you picked up the turkey?
 No, not yet. I have it over to that side of the store.
 Well, there you go over there just as soon as you hang up and tell Mr. McGill you want the turkey I ordered three weeks ago.
 Yes, mother. Only how about Sage?
 What about it?
 Hey, Henry.
 What do you want, Homer?
 When you get through with that phone, I want us.
 What's not Henry?
 Mother, I said, what should I do about Sage?
 They're all out of it.
 Henry, they can't be.
 Mr. Preston said it's a cot of the late shopping.
 Well, dear, you ask Mr. Preston whether he can't fix up Mrs. Aldrich
 with just a little Sage for her Thanksgiving dinner.
 I'm sure he has some put away some way.
 Listen, Henry, when can I use that phone?
 You whizzed Homer can't you see?
 I'm talking to my mother.
 What's not Henry?
 Nothing, Mother.
 I'm just talking to Homer.
 Henry, you aren't fooling around down there with Homer, are you?
 What's that?
 It sounds to me like you haven't done any of the shopping I sent you to do.
 Well, I'm doing the best I can, Mother.
 She was all I got is two pair of hands.
 Listen, Henry, I've got to use that phone.
 Well, please hurry there and don't waste any time with home.
 But, Mother.
 Goodbye.
 Bye-bye.
 Boy, Henry, it's about time.
 She was home.
 You have to push a guy right out of the booth.
 Don't speak to me.
 Don't say a word.
 Trying to remember five different things to tell my mother.
 I got to get some sage.
 Number, please.
 Squash, chestnut, cinnamon.
 Number, please.
 I mean, I operated just make it plain,
 2-3-2 without the cinnamon.
 May I have your number, please?
 I told you, 2-3-2, Elm.
 Elm, 2-3-2.
 Gee whiz, now I've forgotten our whole Thanksgiving dinner.
 Squash, chestnuts, cinnamon.
 Oh boy.
 Squash, chestnuts, cinnamon.
 Hello.
 Yeah, listen, mother, what came after cinnamon?
 What's that?
 Who did you want?
 Isn't this my mother?
 Well, yes, her mother, it is.
 And you got everything brought in it.
 Well, the only thing in your list that they've got is bread crumbs and cleaning powder.
 Well, did you get them?
 Yes, but it isn't much of a Thanksgiving dinner.
 What's that?
 Oh boy, cranberries!
 What?
 I just happened to remember cranberries.
 That's what came after cinnamon.
 Well, what about them?
 I can't get any.
 Oh, now, home, they must have at least a few cranberries.
 No, they haven't.
 Henry Alders got the last half pound.
 What's that?
 Oh, home, you aren't wasting your afternoon with Henry Alders, are you?
 No.
 Oh, gee whiz, he bought the last cranberries.
 Well, dear, I don't see how we can have turkey without cranberries.
 Well, you don't have to worry, mother. I've got something even better.
 Oh, that's good. What'd you get?
 Ketchup.
 [laughter]
 Ketchup? To go with turkey?
 Oh, well, I like it on anything.
 And so does father.
 I know, dear.
 And it's red. If you're parred on corn kernels, it looks just like cranberries.
 [laughter]
 Oh, home, I mean, did you tell Mr. McGill, you want our turkey?
 Well, that's another thing. There's only one.
 But one is all we want.
 No, I mean, one turkey for everybody.
 And Mr. McGill is in shore, but he's pretty sure.
 Mrs. Alderman reserved that.
 Now dear, Mrs. Orange didn't reserve that turkey any more than I did.
 I asked Mr. McGill to put it aside for me weeks ago.
 You did?
 Yes, now run right over and tell him.
 Hey, Homer, I gotta use that phone again.
 Just a minute, Henry.
 Homer, he's had me all reached there.
 Well, yes, mother.
 Well, he hasn't got hold of that turkey, has he?
 Just a minute.
 Henry, what's in that big bag there?
 Squash.
 Now hurry up, Homer.
 Mother, it's all right.
 It's Squash.
 Oh, Homer, did you get any squash?
 That's what I was going to tell you.
 They don't have the kind you wanted.
 Look, you should like get the kind Henry got?
 He had get any kind, just so long as your father has a good squash when he sits down with his ticket.
 Okay.
 Homer, will you let me have that phone?
 Okay, here.
 Well, thanks. Hello?
 Hello?
 Listen, Homer, why are you handing me your mother? Well, hang her up.
 What?
 I mean...
 Goodbye, mother.
 Boy, will I be glad when Thanksgiving is over.
 Will you please get your oranges and flour and stuff out of this booth? I'm getting them out Henry
 Listen, where did you get that squad? There aren't anymore? There aren't?
 Henry I'm getting sick at you taking the last everything in this place. Oh, you gotta keep your eyes open around here number please
 Elm 303 Elm 303 just a minute there all rich. What's that? Where you got there in your hand?
 You can't have pumpkin. It was the last one in the counter. I'll say it was I've been looking all over for this
 That's part of Mrs. Bartlett's order now. Give it to me. Well gee whiz
 Hello mother, what do you think just happened?
 Dear, what is it you want now?
 Well, I was going to ask whether one can of pumpkin would be enough.
 Oh, I guess I could make a pie with one can.
 Mother, they just took it away from me.
 What?
 The man said Mrs. Bartlett saw it first.
 Dear, do you realize tomorrow is Thanksgiving?
 It sounds to me as though you aren't even trying.
 Mother, you'll be glad to hear I got a lot of parsley.
 Parsley?
 Yeah, it doesn't seem to be much of a demand for that. I took six pounds.
 [audience gasps]
 Henry, do you have our turkey?
 Oh yeah, gee whiz.
 You say you have it?
 No, I mean I'm glad you reminded me.
 Well you hurry right over to Mr. McGill and ask him for it.
 Yes, mother, I'll go right away.
 Bye bye.
 Hey buddy.
 Yes sir, did you want me?
 When you took that can of pumpkin, did you pick up a can of cinnamon too?
 Cinnamon?
 No sir, I haven't even seen any cinnamon.
 Well, somebody took the can of cinnamon right out of Mrs. Bartlett's order.
 Hey Homer!
 What, Henry?
 Is Mr. McGill here at the meat counter?
 Yeah, he's in the back room, rapping.
 That is, I mean, he's rapping something up for me.
 Okay, I'll wait for him.
 Oh, he may be in there for quite a while, Henry.
 Why waste time?
 Why don't you go over to the other side of the store and do some more shopping?
 I finally got all mine done, except for one thing.
 You sure?
 I mean, why don't you go over and get some cinnamon?
 They don't have any.
 Well, sure they have, I just got a can.
 All I have to buy is something right here for Mr. McGill.
 Oh, you do?
 Sure.
 Hey, Homer, before I forget, have you got your composition written for English?
 for English? We don't have to have a
 gradie until Monday. Well I know but I'm
 going to do mine tonight. Then I'll have
 a free mine for the whole weekend. She
 was what's keeping Mr. McGill? I'm going
 to go back there and look for it. Now
 wait a minute Henry wait before. Well
 the composition is supposed to be about
 what you did on Thanksgiving Day. I know
 well how are you going to write about
 what you did on Thanksgiving Day on the
 day before it? Well I'm going to do
 Homer's eat. I'm going to eat turkey at
 noon and then in the evening I'm going
 to have cold turkey and just before I go
 would have been and would have some more turkey.
 Oh, well, that's nice.
 Sounds like an interesting composition.
 Now then, Homer, here you are.
 A very nice 18 pound--
 Thank you, Mr. McGill.
 Thank you very much.
 It's the last one.
 It's so long.
 Homer, you haven't told me what you're going to do
 on Thanksgiving Day.
 Homer?
 She was.
 Is he in a hurry?
 Now then, young man, what can I do for you?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 Henry, didn't you explain to Mr. McGill that he promised me a turkey?
 Well, sure, Mother, and he said that he could definitely promise you one.
 When?
 The day after tomorrow.
 Henry, I need a turkey for Thanksgiving, not the day after.
 When Homer took that turkey, did you tell him he was really taking our Thanksgiving dinner?
 Mother, I didn't have a chance to. He just grabbed it from right under my nose and ran.
 And Mr. McGill said Homer told him we didn't want the turkey?
 Well, Mr. McGill said Homer didn't actually say it.
 He just implied that we didn't.
 Very well, Henry, here's what I want you to do.
 You're to go over to the Browns and tell Homer's mother exactly what happened.
 And demand the turkey?
 You don't have to demand it, dear.
 If you just explain things, I'm sure Mrs. Brown will be only too glad to give it to you.
 She will?
 Yes, dear. Now start right away.
 Yes, Mother.
 And hurry right back with it.
 Yes, Mother.
 Alice?
 Yes, Sam.
 Where did you just send, Henry?
 Over to the Browns, dear, to get that turkey.
 No, wait a minute, Alice.
 Dear, I'm sorry it isn't theirs, it's ours.
 And we have guests coming.
 But Alice, the Browns are old friends of ours.
 You can't do a thing like that to them.
 Not at Thanksgiving.
 And besides, in all fairness, they have an equal right to that turkey.
 Now, the sensible thing to do is...
 Who are you calling?
 Number, please.
 Elm 391.
 Elm 391.
 Sam, you aren't inviting anyone else for dinner, are you?
 No, Alice, I'm calling the market.
 Do you believe me? They don't have any more turkeys down there.
 Very well. We'll get something else.
 Oh, he'll mind it. Good afternoon.
 Good afternoon, Mr. Olridge.
 Oh, yes, sir.
 I'd like to play some order with you.
 All right, Mr. Olridge.
 Now then. I'd like a couple of real nice roasters.
 What's that?
 Roasting chickens. Say five or six pounds each.
 But Mr. Olridge, where am I going to get?
 What's that?
 There isn't a chicken left on the plate.
 Oh. Well, then you'd better make it a couple of good-sized ducks.
 Personally, I like duck just as well as turkey.
 How do you know that?
 No, Doc's.
 Now wait a minute.
 You must have something tomorrow's Thanksgiving.
 I know, Mr. O'errich.
 But it seems like everybody waited till the last minute
 to do their shopping.
 My wife and I are having salmon.
 They're having company for dinner.
 I'll tell you what I can do, Mr. O'errich.
 How would you like me to cut up a nice oxtail for you?
 Oxtail, what for?
 But Thanksgiving.
 It isn't the same as chicken, but it makes it dandy still
 and very nourishing.
 Yeah, well, just skip the whole thing.
 Now, will that be anything else, Mr. Orange?
 No, thank you. I guess you've got everything.
 Goodbye.
 Come on.
 Alice.
 Which did you get, Sam?
 Chickens or ducks?
 I've been thinking it over, Alice, and it seems to me you have a perfect right to demand
 that turkey from the brown.
 And, dear, that's exactly what I told Henry to do.
 Good.
 But when Henry comes back with it, the thing to do is to call the browns and insist that
 they come over here and have Thanksgiving with us.
 But Sam, that turkey isn't large enough for all of their guests and our guests, too.
 Oh, that's too bad. I hate to see the Browns go without the eyelashes.
 Of course, if we serve plenty of muffins and yams, we might be able to strike it.
 Hello?
 Is this you, Father?
 Yes, Henry, where are you?
 You went downtown.
 Well, hurry on home. Don't dawdle with that turkey.
 Father, I'm dawdling without the turkey.
 What?
 They wouldn't give it to me.
 Mr. Browns, did they bought and paid for the turkey, and that's all there was to it.
 Oh, he did.
 Father, isn't there any other place to get a turkey?
 I'm not interested in any other turkey.
 We're gonna have that when the Browns have and we're gonna eat it tomorrow alone. They're not invited
 No, I'll take care of it
 Never mind that Henry you come right home Henry
 Yes, and what's the matter I have tried to be patient I have tried to be considerate now
 I am going to do something what here Alice take this phone. I want you to call the Browns and demand our turkey
 [Laughter]
 [Music]
 Is that what she said Elizabeth?
 Yes Will.
 Well in all the years I've known Alice Aldrich, I've never heard her talk that way to anyone.
 Alright, alright. If they want to make an issue of the turkey, it's alright with me.
 Mother I'll be back in a little while.
 Oh my where are you going?
 Just over to Henry's. It isn't so late Mother.
 Oh my let's get this straight.
 You're not to have anything to do with Henry Aldrich.
 Not ever?
 Not until we've eaten that turkey.
 [laughter]
 And if he wants to speak to you, that's his loss.
 But look, I've got to write a composition,
 and I need a little advice about Thanksgiving.
 Well, you won't get it over there.
 I don't think the Aldrich is a celebrating Thanksgiving this year.
 Well, Cag, one of you answered that phone.
 Now, Elizabeth, don't touch it.
 It's probably Sam Aldrich calling to pick a fight with me about that turkey.
 Well, now, will the least you can do is talk to him.
 Even if he loses his temper, you don't have to lose yours.
 Elizabeth, I'm just going to sit here absolutely calm.
 Father, would you be willing to help me with my composition?
 What's your problem?
 Well, I have to compare what the pilgrims did on their first Thanksgiving with what I did tomorrow.
 Well, for one thing, you can point at what you did tomorrow.
 Yes, sir.
 What did you do tomorrow?
 What's that?
 Homer, what are we talking about?
 Well, I think you should at least go to the phone and tell Sadner not going to give him that turkey.
 He'll find out soon enough Elizabeth.
 He'll find out.
 He's found out already.
 Well, what's that?
 It's the fun door.
 And I'm not going to sit here and just hear bells ringing.
 I'll go to the door.
 I'm willing to do that.
 Let me know who it is.
 The same here father.
 Hello there, Will.
 Well, well, Sam Olrich.
 Aren't you, that is.
 Won't you come in?
 No thanks, Will.
 And Mr. Broad is Homer here.
 Now Henry, you stay right here on the steps where you are. Don't bother the brow.
 Oh, Henry's no bother. Is there something I can do for you, Sam?
 Well, I don't know what this is all about, but I take it that Alice lost her temper when she phoned your wife a few minutes ago.
 And just between ourselves, will women have a tendency to exaggerate the importance of things?
 You're right, Sam. I tried to reason with Elizabeth. I'm afraid she went a little overboard herself.
 When you get right down to it, there isn't any Turkey in the world worth sacrificing our friendship over.
 No, no, of course not.
 And Alice will be the first to admit the same thing.
 That's just the way Elizabeth feels.
 So, I just wanted to tell you to enjoy the Turkey and have a fine Thanksgiving.
 Now, wait a second, Sam.
 The fact is, I was just going to start for your house with that turkey.
 No, no, no, no.
 Just forget the whole thing.
 No, Sam, I mean it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 She was fathers Mr. Brown really gonna give us the turkey?
 And if he brings the turkey out here we're not gonna take it.
 Why not?
 Don't you think I have any pride? I never got down on my knees for a turkey before, isn't it?
 Hey, here you are Sam, it's all wrapped in everything.
 No, no, we'll know, no, no, no.
 Where are you going with that turkey?
 Be quiet, Elizabeth!
 Oh no, I wouldn't think of it. You keep it and have a nice dinner tomorrow.
 Now Sam, there's no use in your going down those steps without this.
 Here Henry, you take it.
 Shall I, Father?
 -Oh, no. -Henry, come along.
 Sam.
 There's no use following us.
 Will, get your turkey.
 No, Sam, it's yours.
 I'm putting it right here on the front walk.
 All right, Will, if you want to leave it there, it's all right with me.
 There it is on the sidewalk, Sam.
 I'm going back in the house.
 And Henry and I are going down the street.
 Father, hey, Father.
 What's the matter?
 Look at those three dogs coming.
 What's that?
 Hey, get away from there.
 - Get away from there, step!
 - She got us looked, and one of them took us.
 - And what, sir?
 He took it.
 (whistling)
 - They come back here.
 (whistling)
 - Well, well, that was certainly
 a foolish thing for you to do.
 - What do you mean for me to do?
 What did you leave it there for?
 - I left it, I left it.
 You put it down there yourself.
 - Well, why didn't you pink it up?
 - Why should I at your turkey, Will?
 If you wanted to go get it, come on, Henry,
 we've got other things to do.
 - What about you, Wizfather?
 - Well, of all of them.
 - A boss?
 - What's the matter, Father?
 Come on, Homer, we've got to chase a dog.
 A dog, Father?
 For Thanksgiving?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 We'll return to the Alders family in just a moment.
 Now, I don't know how it's going to turn out,
 but it's one sure bet that tonight's Phil Harris Alice
 Facio will deliver a full half hours' worth of family comedy.
 And right after the Harris-Fay show on most of these NBC stations,
 theater guild on the air will bring you Basil Rathbone,
 Alan Webb, and Margaret Phillips in the radio version
 of the Broadway hit "The Winslow Boy."
 And then there's "Adventure" with a pair of NBC programs
 as Jack Webb stars in this week's "Dragonette Story"
 from the files of the Los Angeles Police Force,
 while William Gargon will be on hand in the title role
 of Barry Craig, confidential investigator.
 So stay tuned to this NBC station
 and listen for the Phil Harris Alice Faye Show,
 Theatre Guild on the Air,
 Dragnet, and Barry Craig, confidential investigator.
 (upbeat music)
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 The Browns have somehow got a turkey from the meat market
 that had been reserved from Mrs. Aldrich.
 And then while Mr. Aldrich and Mr. Brown
 each trying to outdo the other with politeness over the bird, a stray dog ran off with it.
 The scene opens in the basement of the Elm Street Church. The time is that same evening.
 Step right in, folks. Step right in. The auction's going to begin shortly.
 Hello there, Mr. Johnson.
 Oh, hello, Mr. Alridge. Hi, Henry.
 Hello. Has the bidding started yet?
 No, we'll be starting pretty soon.
 Pretty nice, Turkey.
 Uh, nicest bird you ever saw. 25 pounder.
 Come on, Henry.
 Step right in, folks. The auction will begin shortly.
 Father I just happen to remember something you know that darn dog that stole our turkey mr. Brown's turkey
 Yes, sir
 Well, I think his name is dodo when he belongs to that family that lives down on the corner of Maine and elm where you know
 We're the fences broken down. Oh, yeah
 That's the family. Well Brown's always complaining about they get about 15 children. Yeah, and do dogs for every child
 I want to get right up here in front
 We're auctioning off just one turkey tonight, but it sure is a beauty.
 They say it's a direct descendant of the first turkey the pilgrims ate.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hello there, Mr. Johnson.
 Oh, hello, Will Brown.
 Hi, Homer.
 Hi.
 We are late, are we?
 You haven't sold a turkey yet, have you?
 No, sir, but we're going to start right away.
 Come on, Homer.
 Let's get over here to one side.
 Oh, you're my tired.
 Does this tear in my pants show?
 What tear?
 When that dog tripped me.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, it doesn't show too much.
 If you don't bend down.
 Oh my, why couldn't you have remembered this auction before I tried to climb that fence?
 [bell ringing]
 All right!
 All right friends, here she is.
 It's all for charity and worthy co-op.
 Bit freely and generously.
 You may be sure good use will be made of the money.
 Now, what am I offered for this beautiful turkey?
 $15.
 $15 I'm bid.
 That's an insult to this beautiful bird.
 I wouldn't be surprised to see her get up and walk off in a hut.
 [laughter]
 Who made it 18?
 20.
 20 I have.
 Why, the drumsticks are worth that.
 [laughter]
 Now it's 25. Now it's 25. Now it's 30. Now we're going, I have 30 bit.
 Father, aren't you going to bid? 30 dollars and 50 cents.
 I'm sorry Mr. Brown. I'm only taking dollar bids on this. It's all for charity.
 All right then, make it 31. 31 watt father. 31 watts.
 There it is. I'm afraid.
 31, 31 it is. Who made it 32? 33. I mean 32.
 I heard you the first time lady. 33 you made it and thank you.
 35. 35 on bid. 35.
 Well Homer, I guess that lets us out.
 35 I have from Mr. Oderick.
 Who make it 40?
 Homer, did he say Aldrich?
 Well, she wins.
 Who make it 40?
 45.
 45 I'm bit, 45.
 That'll show Sam already.
 55, it's 50.
 55.
 She wins, father.
 Keep quiet, Homer.
 55 I'm bit, 55.
 Who make it 60?
 60.
 Oh, thank you, Mr. Brown.
 You raised your own bit.
 Thank you.
 (audience laughing)
 I'm bit.
 65, 65.
 65.
 65.
 70.
 70 I have.
 70 for charity.
 70 once.
 70 twice.
 Father, suppose mother years about this.
 70 twice to a him or?
 What did he say, Homer?
 I don't want to make another mistake.
 You are him or?
 Father, I'd like to tell you.
 Now listen, Homer, for the last time, be quiet.
 Sold for $70 to Samuel Loner.
 [APPLAUSE]
 To who?
 That's a fine thing.
 And Homer, it's all your fault.
 Mine.
 How are you, Will?
 How are you, Sam?
 Mr. Allrich, if you'll step up here and pay your $70.
 All right, I'll be happy to.
 Bye, Homer. Bye, Henry.
 Mr. Allrich, I want you to know this turkey is going to be wrapped and sent to one of the most deserving families in town.
 What's that?
 And presented, of course, with the compliments of the whole Allrich family.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, boy!
 Here, Dodo.
 Come here, Dodo.
 Nice, doggy, Dodo.
 - Morning, give you the turkey, Papa.
 Dodo, give Papa the turkey.
 - Junior, keep away, do you wanna frighten him?
 Here, Dodo.
 Give me that turkey.
 That's a nasty turkey, Dodo.
 You won't like it.
 - Papa, where do you suppose you got it?
 - Natalie, will you stand back and all the rest of you,
 keep back.
 - All right, stand back, everybody,
 and let Papa get the turkey.
 Now Dodo, for the last time, I want that turkey.
 We need that turkey cap.
 I'm gonna take dinner in this house in years.
 Daddy, go out of the country!
 Where's the girl?
 I'm sorry.
 Look at it, look at it.
 Where do you suppose Dodo found that turkey poppa?
 Well, I don't believe in looking a gift dog in the mouth.
 Besides, Dodo knows a lot of people in this town.
 (knocking)
 Is that the front door?
 Yes, Papa.
 It is?
 Now look, Junior, take this turkey
 and go into the kitchen with him.
 - All right, it's our turkey now.
 (knocking)
 - Good evening, Mr. Foley.
 I've got a surprise for you.
 - What's that, Mr. Jassen?
 - Here you are.
 It's partly from the Elm Street Church
 and partly from Sam Olridge.
 - Oh, what's this, a turkey?
 - A 25-pounder and all the trimmings to go with it.
 - Oh, Papa!
 - She was another church!
 - Thanks, give it up!
 - I'm going to die, I'm scared and happy day to do the help!
 (upbeat music)
 (bell ringing)
 - Just a minute, Alice, and I'll turn the light out.
 - Don't forget to open the window
 before you get it to bed.
 - Mother.
 - Yes, Henry, come in.
 - Mother, I hate to bother you,
 but could you look over this composition for spelling?
 - Not tonight, dear, but leave it here.
 I'll go over it in the morning.
 - All right, and thanks.
 - Good night, Henry.
 - Good night, dear.
 - And now, Alice, I've been thinking it over.
 - You've been thinking what, over, Sam?
 I don't see any reason why we should ask the Browns over for dinner tomorrow.
 To be quite frank, dear, I agree with you.
 I'll admit we've been good friends, but after the way we'll act today...
 And I didn't like Elizabeth's attitude.
 So we might just as well...
 Dear, how do you spell Pocahontas?
 What's that?
 I guess Henry spelled it right.
 Anyway, I don't see any point in having guests here for the dinner of cranberries and chestnuts.
 But dear, I told you we're also having corned beef hash.
 Hash?
 Of course, I know it isn't turkey, but...
 Sam, how do you spell Pocahontas?
 Pocahontas?
 There's no K in it, is there?
 [LAUGHTER]
 There may be in the original Indian spelling.
 Sam, listen to this.
 Listen to what?
 What I did on Thanksgiving by Henry W. Aldrich.
 Thanksgivings tomorrow.
 Yes, dear, but stop interrupting.
 This year, the same as last year, we did the same old stuff that we did every other year.
 To begin with, our dinner consisted of turkey.
 Only he scratched that out and wrote chicken.
 Yeah?
 Where does he think he's going to eat chicken?
 Then he scratched that out and just left it blank.
 Oh.
 After we finished this hearty meal, we felt very stuffed and all sat around and talked
 about the price of things and the weather and business and stuff like that.
 Back in the old days, however, it was much more interesting.
 Then there wasn't much food for anybody and the pilgrims had to shoot turkeys just like
 Indians.
 Pocahontas was one Indian, for example, but she was a good Indian.
 Mints meat, in those days, they didn't have at that time, nor things like sage, because
 no more ships came in that year.
 When you once got some food, you had to hang on to it for dear life, because almost anybody
 might steal it.
 Usually a wolf.
 There were no stores to buy things, so if a wolf took your turkey and stuff, you were
 out of love.
 Let me see that out.
 But it was because of all this that the Pilgrim Fathers, from whom we are all sprung, celebrated
 their first Thanksgiving and bowed their heads when they sat down over what was in many cases
 just plain cornmeal mush, which is something that even my mother has never gotten me to
 like as much as I admire the Pilgrims for the other things they did.
 Even cornmeal mush is all right, I guess, as long as they had neighbors to share it.
 Because, as my father says, when it comes to Thanksgiving, it's the spirit and not the
 stuffing that counts.
 Your father, Homer's on the phone.
 His folks say if we could bring over a few eggs, they have some cornmeal to make cornmeal
 muffins.
 And won't we come over for dinner tomorrow?
 "What do you mean won't we come over? You tell them to pack up their cornmeal and come over here!"
 "I can ask them?"
 "Yes dear, and tell Mrs. Brown if she has any cinnamon to please bring it. I'm going to make apple sauce."
 Fight communism by joining the Crusade for Freedom,
 freedom, the independent movement of the American people which supports Radio Free Europe and
 Radio Free Asia. These two networks are shattering the isolation which the Kremlin has imposed
 on its slave states. As a private enterprise they can hit hard and expose the falseness
 of the communist line. They can spike the hate and lie campaign of the Soviets against
 the free world. So help build more transmitters for Radio Free Europe and Radio Free Asia.
 your contribution to "Crucade for Freedom" care of your local postmaster.
 Mother, at what time are we having dinner?
 Not for another hour, Sylvia.
 Look, Mr. Foley's dog, Dodo is out in the front yard.
 Yes, Henry.
 And Homer and I are going to take him and do a little hunting.
 Hunting, do you?
 Just around the neighborhood and see what we can dig up.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [applause]
 The Aldrich family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldridge are House Jameson and Catherine Roth.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station,
 for another sparkling half hour with the Aldridge family.
 Good night, everybody.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [applause]
 Tonight it's the Phil Harris Alice Faye Show on NBC.
 [bell]
