 [Music]
 The old rich families are in eserespo, man written by chevard goldsmith, brought to you by jello footings.
 Those delicious new desserts all America's been talking about.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 They say the happiest year is a black with the teeth,
 but I know one person who has his sons, Henry Always,
 Henry has all the problems and growing pains that most boys
 on our ice-cream days for Henry is that Ted McMillan are in the morning.
 To see an open from the Orbridge kitchen, the time is Saturday morning.
 What mother? Why won't you? Because we can't afford it in me.
 We can't afford just eight cents. I'm sorry, but that is the condition the family is in.
 We can't afford eight cents for what, mother?
 Believe it or not, Mary, we can't afford just eight cents worth of breakfast food.
 You mean father's loss is lost, I think?
 Your father has not lost his law practice.
 That age this would be only the beginning.
 Of what?
 Well, busy and I are saving breakfast food to Ponsmary
 to get an off-board motor for a robo.
 And all I'm doing is asking mother to stock up.
 Yes, dear.
 And you might also explain that all you need is 12,000--
 But we don't, mother.
 We've already got quite a few.
 All we need now is 11,200 and 14.
 Well, we are not stocking up with any 11,214 packages, but...
 I'm not asking anything so ridiculous, Mother.
 At the most, I'm just asking you to buy 200 packages.
 Well, at one Henry?
 Sure, we can use that in a year, easy.
 Henry, I don't want to hear anything more about it.
 No, sorry.
 Has Mr. Sutherland called this morning?
 Not that I know, well, how could he be filling for me?
 Noting, Mother. Just something I asked him to call me about.
 If any of you have Sunday school teacher Henry?
 Yes, Mary. Mother, have you tried looking at it from this way?
 If I were asking you to buy chilling them or candy, it might be different, but breakfast
 food.
 Think of all the nourishment there'd be in 200 boxes.
 And where would we keep 200 boxes?
 I'd hear in the kitchen where they'd be handing.
 And where would I cook?
 All right. You'll cook here in the kitchen, and I'll give over my room for the breakfast
 food.
 And then you can send all your time up there eating it.
 All right, Mary.
 Ridicule me today.
 We'll wait until you look out on a late Sunday
 and see me in a rowboat with a two and a half horsepower
 outboard motor on it.
 Then maybe you won't think I'm so humorous.
 Won't I?
 I'll ask her to phone.
 Mother, as soon as Mary is through with that call,
 do you mind if I phone Father's office?
 I don't know, dear.
 Well, I want to remind him to get the folks of his office
 saving coupons.
 Ten minutes.
 I don't like to discourage every suggestion you make,
 but I have to know that your father is extremely busy
 preparing a case to be tried and put.
 But mother, this wouldn't take 10 seconds.
 And if I can get everyone at his office eating good breakfast,
 maybe his whole practice will pick up.
 You are not going to bother him there.
 And incidentally, your father does not
 want you to bother Judge Thompson's family anymore either.
 I haven't been bothering the termsons.
 You've been trying to get Mrs. Thompson to save coupons
 for you.
 Then your father finds it quite embarrassing
 when he has to try cases before Judge Thompson.
 But Judge Thompson ought to be grateful.
 In what way?
 I'm employing his son.
 - Have they given you?
 - Sure, didn't I tell you?
 Freddy works for me.
 - Doing pot.
 - Eating breakfast food?
 - I pay him.
 - And who pays for the breakfast food?
 - Judge Thompson.
 - But Freddy's thought he'd eat something, hasn't he?
 - And he might as well eat this
 and have a cow toward something.
 - Henry, Mr. Sutherland just phoned him.
 That's a message for you.
 - For me?
 - Yes, Henry.
 He said that he considered your proposition
 and he didn't think it would be ethical.
 - It wouldn't be ethical.
 It wouldn't be ethical.
 Can you imagine that?
 What did you ask him to do?
 If that isn't the most absurd thing I ever heard of.
 What did you ask him to do?
 The most simple thing in the world.
 What I asked him to do was to suggest a Sunday school that the class led me again and eat my kind of breakfast food.
 Henry Oldridge!
 I don't blame it for feeling that way, Mother.
 It wouldn't have hurt him to ask him.
 And I would have been perfectly willing to give him a commission.
 I will leave this.
 Well, you know what I'm going to do?
 I'm going to change my church.
 Oh, no, you're not Henry.
 Oh, yes, I am.
 Oh, if you ask me, I don't think Mr. Sutherland has a Christian like attitude.
 Will one of you see him?
 Is it the front door, please?
 I'll go, Mary.
 It may be one of the men I have working for me.
 Hello, Henry.
 Oh, how proud he's come on in.
 I got some bad news for you.
 Yeah?
 The mother says I can't eat so much breakfast food.
 Why not?
 My father wants to buy a car.
 Once I got to go, whether he needs the money.
 A campaign to good money, but look at what you're paying.
 50 cents for every 500 coupons.
 All right, if you keep on saving,
 I'll give you an interest in the motorboat too.
 You still don't think my folks can afford it.
 Why don't you ask them which they'd rather have a car
 or a motorboat, but my father can't go to the courthouse
 in a motorboat, can he?
 Freddie, I'm not sure, but I think I just had an idea.
 Yeah, what else have I got to eat?
 No.
 All you have to do is sit back and count.
 Where's your father buying the car?
 I heard him mention Johnson's automobile agency.
 Let's go down there.
 Bye.
 Oh, if Johnson wants your father's business,
 they ought to be willing to cooperate a little, shouldn't they?
 By saving breakfast food coupons for us.
 Come on, Freddy.
 Let's put it up to them.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (Music)
 Joel, see you the two gentlemen out of the show.
 Hello.
 Okay, Mr. Johnson.
 Hi.
 What can I do for you?
 How do you do?
 We're just looking.
 It has some very nice cars here.
 Are you buying a car?
 Well, we are in exactly, but a friend of ours is?
 He is.
 Yeah, and he asked us to sort of look around for him. What's his name? Well, I'm not sure
 he'd want his name mentioned just now. He just wants your fight. Yes, sir. How much is that car?
 795. That's a kind of considered. How much is that sedan over there?
 2840. 2840? Yes, sir. Is that FOV or delivered? FOV.
 How many spare tires does that include?
 Two.
 Only two.
 You mind if we try sitting in it?
 Yeah, after sitting in that one?
 Well, we would like to see what it's like.
 No.
 You sit in the back, Jimmy.
 Why should I sit in my back?
 Who's buying this?
 Balls.
 Let me show you something.
 When you push each other against the doors like that, it scratches.
 Huh?
 See, that's the trouble with a black car.
 It shows every button you've bought.
 Oh, geez. I must have hit it.
 Don't touch anything in there.
 No, sir. Not a bad dish, Freddie.
 I don't like it as well as last year's Henry.
 Yeah, well, is that the speedometer?
 That's the clock. That isn't the right time, though.
 It isn't even running.
 What's this here? That's an ash receptacle.
 Would your mind putting it back, please?
 Gee. You broke right off.
 I guess you're not the puppet.
 I know, but it shouldn't break like that.
 Well, what do you know about that human?
 I understand that either of your hair.
 $2,800 in your pocket?
 I have.
 You have it between you?
 No, sir.
 Well, were you step real carefully like out of the car?
 Oh, wouldn't you be interested in our making an offer?
 Well, this job?
 Well, it's a proposition for any car.
 No.
 Well, you know somebody that's fine.
 Oh, but you're all...
 Well, do you mind if I ask what you eat for breakfast?
 What's that got to do with it wouldn't hurt to tell us with it with his mind getting out of this and out of his showroom?
 Sure, I will get out gladly. I guess he doesn't know who your father is Freddy. How do I care?
 Oh, he is what is it told just a couple of wanderers? I guess I guess you don't want his father to buy his car here, huh?
 Who is this hot judge Thompson? Your judge Thompson's boy? I sure am. Well, it'll certainly glass a no idea, man
 Thank you. How do you do? I'm the son of Sam Alders. Sam Alders, well you look just like him.
 Yes, sir. What everybody says is make yourselves a home. Yes, sir.
 Do you want to see a friend's room? I'll let you teeny scratch.
 Oh, if there are any questions you'd like to ask boys, just begin to show.
 Yeah? What kind of breakfast food do you eat? What's that? You made them.
 Yeah, you see, we're saving coupons and we thought maybe it's a time they're a coupon.
 I've got one right here in my pocket.
 Here it is.
 We don't eat that bag right now, but I'll certainly speak to my wife about it, you will.
 How did you try it someday?
 You couldn't get her to start tomorrow morning, could you?
 Well, Joe, see this coupon?
 Getting tomorrow morning, you get your wife to save these.
 You mean I gotta give up cinnamon guns?
 Yeah, we're going to help these boys out.
 Tell the public how to shop there to eat this too.
 Oh gee, that's pretty nice of you.
 Here's what you could do for me.
 It's judged, believe it or not,
 just thinking of buying one from the yellow arrow people.
 It's a good car, if you don't want to drive a train car.
 The yellow arrow and your teller about art on it.
 Oh sure.
 Which model here do you think your dad would like pretty?
 I like that $2800 job.
 Yeah, here that job, the boys have paid.
 So now then, when would you like to have a Senate demonstration car over for you?
 To ride in?
 Sure!
 Gee, are you doing anything next week Henry?
 Not that I planned next week again.
 Now here boys, before you go I've got something for you.
 Right here, and this table is two brothers for you.
 Young men and two brothers for you.
 Well Gee, where's Waller being next?
 You'll find this new creature right.
 Mr. Johnson.
 What?
 Judge Thompson, of course, the street.
 Judge Thompson?
 So it is.
 You like to have me call him?
 I don't think y'all are bothering right now.
 He's probably in a rush someplace.
 And let's call him Eddie out.
 Well, he may not like to be pushed into a sale.
 Well, tell him--
 Hey, Judge.
 I'd tell you to come back here for a show in a minute.
 I would probably talk right now.
 Acting with everybody.
 And he wanted me to look at something.
 Oh, Billie, come on.
 It's too bad he isn't going to come in.
 Yeah, it is.
 Well, I guess we better be dying ourselves.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 What do you know about it?
 Come on, Freddie.
 We've got to hurry.
 Where are we going now?
 Where do you think?
 Why just stop at Mr. Johnson's?
 Let's get the yellow arrow company eating for us too.
 Come on.
 [music]
 Well, Henry doesn't miss a trick, does he?
 And while he's trying to persuade the yellow arrow company to do a little eating for him,
 I'd like to mention something about eating myself.
 Something I've had all of you ladies will agree with.
 It's simply this.
 The real spice and charm the family suffers is in variety.
 Something new and different all the time.
 Lots of good desserts at your fingertips.
 There's the trick.
 And jello puddings are one mighty swell answer.
 Or you can have in from the variety easily and inexpensively.
 For instance, serve jello vanilla pudding, the juicy raisins added, or a covering of lovely
 coconut or fold in some tempting top dates.
 Jello vanilla pudding has a metal bland flavor that combines perfectly with fruits or coconut
 and gives you a new treat every time.
 Then dry jello chocolate pudding, rich and dark and luscious, and the jello butter starts
 pudding as mouth watering as golden taffy candy with a wonderful smooth richness.
 All three jello puddings are quicker to flash to make.
 Simple directions aren't every package.
 And when you pride these three brand new desserts,
 you know why every day more and more people
 are saying to their grocers, give me jello puddings
 in all three luscious flavors.
 (lively music)
 From Henry Elders' activity over the day,
 last few days, his coupons should be arriving in truckloads.
 You're thinking of now as he is counting with Freddie in Judge Thompson's home.
 Two thousand four hundred and sixty-five, two thousand four hundred and sixty-six.
 I'm getting tired, Freddie. Don't tell me you want to stop. Maybe, maybe it's because I don't like to do anything that's wrong.
 Go on and Kenney.
 Okay.
 Two thousand four hundred and sixty seven
 to listen to Eddie.
 Do you think that what we've been doing
 resembles bribery?
 Bribery.
 My father thinks it does.
 How does he even know about it?
 In an unguarded moment I told him.
 Everything or just one or two of the
 highest plus.
 And he says we ought to go to your
 father and confess or get it.
 All we've done is ask somebody to save
 to save a few breakfast food to find. Sure. That's the way I think I'll look at it.
 And besides Mr. Johnson hasn't even given all of us yet. That's what I say.
 Well, 2,468, 2,000. No matter what you say, Freddie, I'm going to tell your father.
 And me, you'll want to make the mistake of your life, but it was the last Saturday that
 we did it. I haven't slept since. Well, don't move down to the courthouse, you can confess
 You mean it would make it legal if I did it down there?
 He doesn't like to be bothered.
 He's very straight about saying like that.
 Hello, Fred.
 Hey.
 Where do you come from?
 How old is that of the afternoon at home?
 What the hell?
 She's out someplace.
 You sat in there with me.
 Just Henry.
 Where?
 At Judge Thompson, can I speak to you with you a minute?
 Henry, you're only going to have sayings.
 That's as if I take my boat off and put these factors on.
 If they're telling me, he's going to look at it from a purely technical point of view.
 You know, my father's trying to case in front of him.
 He says, "I've got to get things straightened out
 "but you don't know what you're walking into.
 "Father can't stand crying.
 "Crying.
 "Here, help me take these coupons out."
 - Superins are your shirt.
 I'll put some in mind what we ought to have
 to vacuum clean.
 - Well, Henry, okay.
 What is it, the thought nearby?
 - Judge Thompson.
 My father asked me to tell you something.
 - All right, Henry.
 What was he?
 Well, I just wanted to say, is it true you're buying in the automobile?
 I have been thinking of it.
 Oh, right.
 I think that's a very good idea.
 That reminds me, there are several packages here that are left in my name at the courthouse.
 I wonder whether you boys would know anything about them.
 Packages, Dutch Thompson's own right.
 Father, that's the curious part of it.
 This first package was left by some representative from the Johnson automobile agency.
 It contains several breakfast foods to find.
 Isn't that strange?
 It certainly is.
 Another package is from the Yellow Arrow Agency.
 And here is one from the center field.
 You will try and bought it.
 All containing coupons, Father.
 All containing coupons.
 Do you suppose they're giving breakfast food to Pons
 with cars this year?
 You boys aren't by any chance saving breakfast
 food to Pons, are you?
 Saving them?
 I hope they know what it is.
 Now things that I have reached the age were high savings.
 I should think that.
 At first I was afraid you'd go,
 you might be taking advantage of the fact
 I was considering a car.
 But knowing you as I do,
 I am sure that bribery was either the last thing
 either of you would stupid.
 Yes, sir.
 If there's one thing that's terrible,
 it's bribery.
 It certainly is.
 And it's one thing I never told her it.
 Yes, sir.
 I'll tie these up again.
 You mean they're going to return them?
 I certainly don't know why I should keep them.
 But let's get back to what you were going to tell me.
 Why, uh...
 Freddie, do you remember what it was?
 It certainly skipped my memory.
 I had it right on the tip of my tongue, Judge, doesn't it?
 I couldn't tell you now if I had to.
 Freddie, what in the world do you have wanted up inside this shirt?
 Oh, that might be my underwear.
 What do you do? Just tell me it then?
 I see Henry's does the same thing.
 He here.
 Mine keeps slipping down.
 I'll answer the phone call.
 I'll answer thank you.
 And take it upstairs to maybe the call.
 I'm sorry.
 Freddie, Freddie, take a look out the window.
 Her foot.
 Coming up the wall.
 It's Mr. Johnson.
 That's fine.
 Time for him to come.
 I'm going to tell you I should have confessed.
 I certainly didn't stop you.
 You go to the door, Henry.
 You go yourself.
 This is your house.
 Hey, hey.
 You too.
 It isn't the car, please.
 Oh.
 Is somebody there?
 Here I am, boys.
 As good as my word.
 Yes, sir.
 Mr. Johnson, we don't feel we should be of any more trouble to you.
 How old you worry about that?
 The car is right out in front.
 Either way, here are some old bladders for you.
 - Ready? - Yes, Father.
 - Who was that to throw up? - A man with um, bladders.
 Wasn't that your dad with cold?
 - Yes, sir. - Ask him to come along with us.
 - I don't think he'd have time, Mr. Johnson.
 - I'm so good to get out for a ride. - I don't think we'd better even bother him.
 Let me step into next to you.
 - Ready?
 - Am I going to my door?
 I'll be the crowd up here.
 See how nervous he is and if we light the car, that's all it counts with him.
 Well, okay. You wait in the car and we'll be with you just as soon as we get everything you're summer.
 Okay. Pre-yup, and you get your coat. You gotta get out of here.
 Right. You take a look out the window. Why?
 There are two women coming up with walk, and they both got cars out by the curb.
 They're crazy. There are four cars out there, and two station laggons are just throwing out.
 Let's go out the back door and leave him there with my father.
 Well, I don't want them.
 You suppose we can get a Mr. Johnson's car until all the rest of the follow and what?
 And give them each a try along the way.
 Sure, have a demonstration of nine cars all at once, I suppose.
 How do you do?
 I was sent up here from the Marvel car.
 Can I agency?
 I'm from the Honors Building Company.
 Yes, sir. We'll be right out as soon as we get a coat.
 And could you please tell the others to wait in their cars?
 And that would you mind by asking about how many cars your father is buying just one and just one?
 Yeah, but he's going to be very open-minded about it sure. I can see that
 I'll say come on
 Oh, yes, sir. I was in table about the window out the back window
 Those are about there
 Brain so and maybe it's a traffic cam. I
 I wonder who that could be.
 I didn't see anyone come up the walk.
 - As opposed to that need over the door.
 - Oh, I just assumed answer attached, Thompson.
 - No.
 - Hey, where you bump into a chair?
 - I'll pick it up.
 - And I will go to the door.
 - Well, Freddy, here's where everything's box open.
 - And all because of an idea you had.
 - I didn't think of all of it.
 We didn't think of this part.
 - Well, how cool.
 - How you doing, darling?
 - Hand me.
 - Is Mrs. Thompson here?
 - It's your mother.
 - I'm just passing by.
 I wonder if she might be here.
 Would you like to have me go home with the mother?
 Wait a minute.
 You're not going to leave me with all the Jane out there.
 But my mother may want some help.
 He may.
 I don't need any help.
 I am sorry.
 Is it Thompson?
 Is it Oh?
 Perfectly all right, Judge Thompson.
 My goodness, Henry, let me fix your shoes.
 I can fix your--
 All right, thank you.
 What did they do there?
 Shrink?
 That's the way they wear them this year.
 By the way, Henry, this isn't fire drop in.
 But have you seen your father's humidor around the house
 any place?
 Is humidor?
 You mean that big sort of a mahogany block?
 Yes.
 I wonder whether that's the same one that's up under my bed.
 I hope, Henry, you're ever taken through, smoking your father's cigar?
 Oh, no, Judge Thompson.
 I've just been using it to keep my coupons in.
 Your coupons?
 Did I say coupons?
 Yes, Henry.
 You said coupons.
 Well, that's why I mean coupons.
 So coupons, Henry.
 Yeah, so coupons.
 That's so cute.
 Why, uh...
 I'm wondering if I could be.
 Could I answer that door please?
 There I am, where you are son?
 Yes dear. Never open a door that belongs to somebody else.
 How do you do that?
 Judge Thompson, about how much longer is it going to be?
 For what? Right, for the demonstration.
 You're planning a demonstration? A political demonstration?
 How a demonstration? What the car can do?
 No, no, no, no, no. Of course, maybe there's a mistake someplace that you don't have two boys here, do you? Two boys. Yeah. I'll tell me I've been eating breakfast food three times a day just for nothing.
 Boy, you want us, Father? Oh, there you are. Pretty good. There's a man here to give us a demonstration, I guess.
 Hello there.
 You boys are buying a car?
 Well, not for ourselves.
 We're just looking into it for somebody.
 You're so mean, yeah.
 For my Sunday school teacher, Mr. Sutherland.
 Are you coming?
 Goodbye, Father.
 Goodbye.
 Oh, goodbye, Mother.
 Goodbye.
 Isn't it funny?
 Your father didn't say more.
 Now, listen, is your dad buying a car or isn't he?
 Just what I was going to ask, sure.
 He's going to buy a car.
 car. I assure, because my family's eaten enough breakfast food in the last week to
 use up the commission on free cars. There's trouble is, my father's sending all the
 coupons back to you. Good, that's just fine. And until he buys a car, we kick them.
 [Singing]
 And you can thank yourselves for that noise. Don't you think we better chill off?
 You want me to go home and we'd know, Freddy, I've got a swell idea. Another one.
 Let's get Mr. Johnson's car until the rest of follow them.
 Where it's out to the edge of town, all of them.
 Sure. And on the way, Mr. Johnson, would you mind driving me by my girl's house over on Walnut Street?
 [MUSIC]
 Now listen boys, you've timed all nine of us in first gear.
 You've timed all nine of us in second gear.
 You've even timed all nine of us in reverse.
 There isn't anything more that I can do.
 There's just one thing more Mr. Johnson.
 There is, sure.
 This is a peach of a road, and there's hardly any traffic on it.
 How about an old line of you line up and we'll have a race?
 A race?
 Nine cars have a race and a public highway?
 Or a not?
 Are you crazy?
 And any other odd nine of us anymore.
 - A property came of the rest.
 They'd given up breakfast food
 and have gone back to their normal life.
 You leave the sailors between us too?
 - It is.
 Well, why can't we see you two, Rakes?
 - Oh no.
 - You're afraid to.
 - What do you mean I'm afraid to?
 - Certainly looks it.
 - I wouldn't be a race, I believe in so far behind.
 - That's who I do.
 - Well, nine of them.
 - You will race?
 - If it's speed you want, we'll give it here.
 - How fast is Judge Thompson?
 You'll drive a car.
 Oh, quite fast as the rule.
 He does? Well, then, this is the car for him.
 Oh, here he is.
 All set?
 He's already him, we.
 All start him.
 Oh, no, no, no, like me, Starcon.
 It was my idea, Freddy.
 Okay.
 Get on your mark.
 Get set, caught on Mr. Johnson.
 I ain't got her. Go!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Ain't quite a girl.
 Hand you, hand you, hand just wanna open your mouth, Mr. Johnson.
 - It's open.
 - Yeah, but he's way ahead.
 We have been around two to the corner.
 - Look at her, heck up.
 - Where's the happening?
 - Where's that?
 - Keep her open, keep her open, Mr. Johnson.
 - He's just ahead.
 - I haven't even started to go.
 - What could that be?
 - Maybe there's a fire someplace.
 - It's a policeman.
 - Yeah, he's right here, too.
 - I'm in the hole, baby.
 (cheering)
 - You mean, we can't finish the race?
 - I'll race, they're every, what is this, anyhow?
 - Oh, we were just racing officer.
 That's going to be a big help.
 - You know what the law permits?
 - Yes, sir.
 - All right, I'll be back to town.
 - We're gonna have an escort.
 - He certainly are.
 Well, over to one side, let this college come and go by.
 - Pretty, look who it is, who is it?
 Judge, you couldn't have come along at a better time.
 Oh, it's my father.
 Something going wrong, boys?
 You got your new card, Dad.
 I bought it, but, eh, it was delivered just after you left.
 It was?
 The typewriter.
 Judge.
 You all should take $10 from both of these men.
 They were demonstrating that the boys was eight.
 Lady Weyer?
 Hey, hey, hey, hey.
 Well, report at the courthouse to Montemorning Councilman,
 and I'll give you both a good talking to them.
 We say we'll turn those over to the police department for upstaking get some new instruments for the band.
 Where did you buy your car, Judge Tarleton?
 He didn't you know, Henry? During the week your Sunday school teacher sells cars.
 Him? Yes.
 Well, why you know about that?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Every all rich will be like whether she knows the most of all.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 We don't like to think, ladies and gentlemen,
 the general police could ever create what
 might be termed a domestic situation.
 But just listen to our latest letter of the week.
 The author, Mr. Rodman Paul of San Francisco,
 is here in our Hollywood studio right now
 in drawing a visit to the city of stars
 as a guest of those star desserts, general police.
 And I'm going to ask him if he'll just read as well he won't.
 Mr. Paul.
 My favorite general putting is chocolate.
 and used to be that when my wife served it, she always made my days a bit harder than the rest.
 Well, I started trouble right away. First, my daughter gave me a big hug and kiss, and wanted to trade dishes with me.
 Next week, my son offered me a free copy of the magazine he sells if I had trade with him.
 So now we always make up two packages for each meal instead of warm.
 And we all have extra big dishes. My wife doesn't mind because it's as easy to prepare two boxes as one.
 in this way everybody's happy.
 So everything's all right, my own is fine.
 Tell her to say, "I don't know where it is or not."
 There's some talk about three pages for each meal,
 and we may end up with four, one for each of us.
 It has when it comes to yellow footage
 about the only word my family seems to know is "more."
 Well, that just proves that you folks know a good thing
 when you taste it, and speaking of more,
 more and more families every day are discovering
 the smooth, mellow delight of yellow chocolate pudding,
 They're explaining over its rich old-fashioned chocolatey flavors.
 They like Joe Bonilla, one of the first guys putting too.
 And they're drawing them off because they're easy and economical to serve.
 So try these three delicious new gel-footings yourself, ladies and gentlemen.
 You say you never tasted anything so good.
 [Music]
 You know, Mary, Mr. Putney says I have a perfect lift for it.
 The perfect lift for what Henry?
 For the Cornette Mary. He says I'll have me playing jingle bells by Christmas.
 And where will the rest of the sea by then?
 Yeah, but once you get used to the Cornette, it'll develop your musical appreciation.
 Well, in music appreciation, with fan fairs,
 thrills, thrills, and many laughs,
 will be coming here by next week,
 so be sure to listen at the same time
 for more adventures of Henry Olens.
 The Irish family, starring Ezra Stone,
 is written by Clifford Goldsmith,
 written with music composed and conducted by Felix Middles,
 Don Wilson speaking and wishing you good night
 for those delicious new desserts
 all America's talking about,
 Jell-O, hoodie!
 (music)
