 [Music]
 And now the Jell-O family presents...
 Henry Henry Oldrich!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the Oldrich family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith
 and starring Ezra Stone and Henry, the Jackie Celka's home.
 And yes, it's the Jell-O family with its three famous desserts.
 Jell-O in those six delicious flavors,
 regular Jell-O puddings, with that old fashioned homemade flavor,
 and Jell-O tapioca puddings, a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 Oh, the big red letters stand for the Jell-O family.
 ♪ All the big red letters stand for the Jallow Family ♪
 ♪ And yell, "Yum, yum, yum, Jallow, yum, yum, Jallow, yum, yum!" ♪
 ♪ The Jallow Family ♪
 ♪ Yes, Ernie! ♪
 And now for the Aldridge Family.
 ♪♪
 Every typical teenage boy is a little like a bird.
 No man can follow Henry Aldrich very long, for instance, without seeing a reflection of the boy he used to be.
 The scene opens in the cafeteria at Central High School. It is right after school.
 G-Homer, do I feel great? I haven't had a soda in two whole weeks.
 You sure am making up for it now?
 Boy, when I think of giving up ice cream just so I wouldn't catch cold in my vocal cords.
 Boy, what a waste of time.
 Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
 I beg your pardon?
 Nothing.
 Only speaking of vocal cords, I'm just keeping mine limbered up.
 Homer, are you sure you don't want to sew them?
 No thanks.
 I'm not taking any chances with my voice.
 Me, me, me, me, me.
 Boy am I glad I'm not in the cast. Once the rehearsals for that opera ready start
 you'll be tied down every darn afternoon you poor kid. I don't learn. While I'll be as free as a bird
 I can go skating. I can go on hikes. Gee I can do all kinds of things. All by yourself, him. There's Willy, isn't there?
 Willy. He's in the chorus with me. He is? Along with Toby and Charlie? Sure.
 Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
 Homer. Yeah?
 All of a sudden I'm kind of bored sitting here.
 Look, what do you say we go upstairs and just have a look at the bulletin board?
 I thought you said you were positive, your name wouldn't be there.
 Sure I'm positive, it just couldn't be there.
 Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
 Homer, are you sure you didn't see my name anywhere on the list?
 And I told you all I saw was my own name.
 Gee, that's a relief.
 I don't know why I ever tried out for the darn thing in the first place.
 Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
 And besides Homer,
 besides do you really think Gilbert and Sullivan is any good anymore?
 Sure, don't you?
 Especially the Maccato.
 See, the way they'll have to make you up, nobody will ever recognize you.
 Not even your own family.
 Me, me, me, me, me, me.
 Homer, I don't like to be rude, but if all you're going to say from now on is me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
 Frankly, the conversation's bound to get a little dull.
 Henry, Henry, it's Geraldine Love. I wonder if she's in the camp.
 Forget it, Homer. There are other people interested in other things other than operatic.
 Why? Because I drank four chocolate sundies in a row.
 Henry, I saw your name, you modest thing, you.
 Who me? You saw his name, where?
 I'm the bottom part, my goodness.
 What? But I didn't make the operator. It's impossible.
 You certainly did. Your name's up there. As large as large.
 Why? Sure.
 There must be some mistake, Gerald. You must have seen Hank Oderdice's name.
 Henry, where are you going?
 No place exactly. I just thought I'd casually go up and see who is...
 Well whose name is like mine?
 But Mr. Cooper...
 Mildred, how on earth did his name ever get on that list?
 I'm almost positive you dictated it to...
 Why would I do a thing like that?
 Henry Aldridge and the leading role of the Macabre?
 I know!
 Mildred, you'll just have to hunt him up immediately and tell him a whole thing was a mistake.
 You mean I have to tell him?
 Mr. Cooper?
 May I have a word with you please?
 Oh certainly Mr. Bradley, on your way, Milvie.
 Milvie?
 No Mr. Cooper, my calendar tells me we're nearing a Poretta time again.
 Yes sir, yes indeed.
 Yes.
 Now there's nothing that takes me happy, Mr. Cooper, then to see you put on your little show once a year.
 Thank you sir.
 And when the time comes I'll buy my ticket and I'll attend the performance as a total stranger. I hope...
 That's fine Mr. Bradley.
 I mean by that, Mr. Cooper, I'd appreciate it if I could be completely excluded from all plans and preparations.
 Oh, certainly, sir.
 And I trust you'll keep the auditorium doors tightly closed during rehearsal.
 Oh, yes, sir. Yes, sir.
 Tightly.
 Yes.
 And you'll also do everything in your power to see that the entire school isn't disrupted by your little show.
 I give you my word, Mr. Bradley. Nothing will go wrong this year.
 And let's not borrow quite so much furniture this time.
 Sir?
 We were still returning last year's in June.
 Excuse me, Mr. Cooper.
 - Henry, how are you? - How are you?
 - And how are you feeling, Mr. Brad? - Just fine, Henry.
 How are you? - Me, boy.
 I'm on top of the world.
 - Henry, if you'll step back into the hall,
 Mildred has something to say to you.
 - She wants to give me my part? - She'll tell you about it.
 - Okay. And thank you for everything, sir.
 - Mr. Cooper, don't you think it'll be more official
 like you told him? - Mildred, it was your mistake.
 - Upper-resid trouble, Mr. Cooper. So, so...
 It's nothing for you to worry about, Mr. Bradley. I assure you.
 Goodbye, Mildred.
 Oh, dear.
 Mildred, did you hear the good news about me?
 Listen, Henry.
 Boy, this is the first decent break I've had since the Princess and the Woodcutter.
 Henry, there's something I have to carry me.
 It was in kindergarten, see?
 And I could swing in the axis as well as the next fella.
 But the whole trouble was my hair.
 Henry!
 A little kid with curly hair got the part.
 But I didn't mind.
 see my life was just starting.
 Henry, please listen to me.
 What's the matter, Milgrid?
 Didn't you get apart in the opera, Ren?
 Because if you didn't, I'd be glad to ask Mr. Cooper
 to give you another chance.
 Henry, you're only making things worse.
 What's going on here?
 Well, nothing, Mr. Bradley.
 I was just telling you--
 I can't do it, that's all.
 Only one of you said to Milgrid to upset her like that.
 What?
 Nothing.
 Nothing.
 What did you say to her?
 Well, do you all we were talking about
 That was the opera-retta, Mr. Bradley.
 Opera-retta? So it's starting to accept the entire school already.
 Mr. Bradley, I hope you don't feel that getting the leading part is going to my head.
 What's that? The leading part? You?
 You mean you're bold over, too?
 I'm very glad you followed Mr. Cooper.
 considering writing him a letter Mrs. Aldrich, but then it occurred to me that his mother might be the best one to tell him.
 No, I'm sure I won't have any difficulty, Mr. Cooper.
 I can't tell you how sorry I am the whole thing happened.
 Oh, well, I'm sure Henry doesn't really believe he's playing the lead in your operata.
 He doesn't?
 There's one thing about us Aldrich is we know our failing.
 Yes, but...
 And just between you and me, Mr. Cooper, Henry can't sing a note.
 Oh, I wouldn't say that, Mrs. Aldrich. It's just that he can't sing them in the right order.
 I think I hear him coming in now.
 Oh, I'm sure I won't have any trouble.
 Goodbye.
 Then screw eye a thing of reds and hatches.
 About its songs and hello mother.
 Hello, Henry.
 Three guesses what I'm seeing.
 I'm outta here.
 Yes, dear.
 And guess what else?
 I'm the play the lead in the operator.
 Yes, dear.
 Sit down.
 Sit down?
 Gee, I can't take time to sit down for the next month.
 I've got to get started on my homework.
 Your homework?
 Sure.
 I'm going to get some decent marks so I don't get thrown out of the cast.
 Henry, you can sit down for a minute.
 You and I have to have a little talk.
 We do?
 Okay.
 And now then.
 Mmm, me, me, me, me, me, me.
 Hey, do you think that's nice?
 You go ahead and talk, mother.
 I'll just be rehearsing in between me me me me me me me me me.
 Henry. Yes Father.
 Uh. What Father.
 Yeah that is uh your mother wanted me to explain something to you so uh
 did you enjoy your dinner son. I'll say boy who wouldn't enjoy a dinner like
 Yes.
 Why do you suppose mother had all my favorite things tonight?
 Even strawberry shortcake, allum mode.
 Oh, that's because, well, we're all extremely fond of you, son.
 You are?
 Extremely.
 Gee, thanks.
 Sit down, Henry.
 Sure.
 And anyway, I think I know.
 Know what?
 Why everybody in the family suddenly being so nice to me?
 Because for the first time in my natural life, you can be proud of me.
 Henry, some people might be proud to cause their children can play a leading role in an operator, but
 Personally, you know how I judge my children. How?
 By the way, they can take a disappointment. Oh boy. I've certainly taken plenty of them in my time
 Well now and you know father when I used to come home from school year after year and you'd say did you make the football team or
 Are you in the orchestra?
 And I'd say no.
 - The Henry... - And you used to say to me,
 "Gee whiz, Henry, why let them get you down?"
 So you didn't make it this year.
 Okay, keep trying. You'll make it next year.
 - The Henry... - Well, now I'll let you in on a secret, father.
 Frankly, I always thought you were kind of talking through your hat.
 - Oh, you did? - But now...
 Boy, now I realize that's all a person has to do.
 Just keep trying.
 And sooner or later, you're bound to get a break.
 - That's true.
 But on the other hand...
 And G-Father, as long as I live, I'll never forget that lesson you taught me.
 Yeah.
 Uh, would you excuse me a minute?
 Alice!
 Father, what is it you wanted to tell us?
 Alice, where are you?
 Out here in the hall.
 What did you tell him, Sam?
 Well, we...
 We've been discussing it.
 You mean you haven't told us?
 Alice, it isn't just the fact that he thinks he's playing the lead, it's...
 It's what, Sam.
 Look, why can't we phone the school and have someone there tell him?
 There are thoughts you were impatient with me because I was afraid to tell him.
 Alice, I don't think you realize how important this is to the boy.
 Hey, Henry!
 Hello, everybody, isn't it wonderful?
 Well, what's wonderful, Homa?
 She either way Henry's overcome all his handicaps and landed on top of the pile.
 What's that?
 Hey, Hannah, you in the living room?
 Sam, what does he mean by Henry's handicap?
 Hi, Homer, you're just in time.
 I am for why?
 I'm just going to do a little rehearsing. You can tell me if I hit a bum note here and there.
 You? A bum note?
 I hit them Homer, I hit them.
 Oh, don't worry. You're just being modest. Didn't Mr. Cooper pick you for the lead out of the whole school?
 Yeah, and the more I think about it, the more I'm more surprised than anybody.
 Come on, you want me to play the piano for you?
 Sure, here's the music.
 Okay. Let her rip.
 Mmm.
 Mmm.
 [guitar]
 Now Henry.
 Now Henry, the flowers that bloom in the spring, tah-ah-ah. What happened to the tah-ah? You must have hit a wrong note. I guess so. Well, let's start again.
 The flowers that bloom in the spring. Yes, Father? You come into the dining room for the moment. Sure. Homer, you'll be practicing that part meanwhile. What is it, Father?
 And I've just been having a discussion with about something with your mother, and I wanted your opinion.
 Sure. Is it regarding music?
 Well, not exactly. In a few weeks, Henry, I'm making a trip to Washington, non-business,
 and your mother and I wondered if you wouldn't like to go along.
 To Washington? No!
 Yes.
 See, there's nothing in this world I'd rather do. Boy!
 Of course it would mean resigning from the operator, but after all, a trip to Washington.
 Father, when would you be going?
 What is the operator?
 The week of the 27th.
 That's when we're going.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You mean I'd have to give up my part?
 I'm afraid so.
 But father, what would Mr. Cooper say?
 Everybody think I was walking out on them.
 Henry, I'm sure you could explain it to them.
 I couldn't explain it to Geraldine Berry
 while she's playing opposite me.
 Oh, yes.
 She might even take it personally.
 What, Henry, you've never been to Washington, DC.
 It's the capital of your country.
 Sure, Father.
 And I appreciate your offering me the trip.
 But the headway.
 But duty comes first.
 Come on Homer, let's get back to work.
 Okay, and I think I know where I was making my mistake.
 Let's go.
 The flowers that bloom in the spring.
 Trola, breathe promise of Mary, sunshine.
 As we merrily dance and we sing.
 Trola, hey Homer.
 Yeah?
 You got a little closer that time, but you're still kind of flat.
 [audience laughter]
 I'm very sorry, him.
 Oh, that's okay.
 Some people just don't have any ears for music.
 It isn't there for.
 She, I could have sworn I was sticking to the music.
 The Henry?
 Yes, mother.
 Dear, have you looked at it this way?
 Look at what?
 There really isn't any money in singing.
 There isn't?
 I'm afraid not, dear.
 You see, organizations that hire singers usually can't afford to pay very much.
 Well, I know. For instance, you take our church group.
 While we'd love to be able to afford a singer, our budget just won't permit it.
 Gee, whiz, mother, if that's all you're worried about, I'd be glad to sing at your church.
 And I wouldn't think of charging.
 Oh, dear.
 Sam!
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Henry isn't the only one who's anxious to say it.
 Here are a few notes from Meredith Wilson and his talking people.
 Intermission!
 Intermission!
 Jello is the grandest dessert in the world.
 And now back to the office.
 Hey, wait just a minute here.
 How can you interrupt the office family in such a crucial situation?
 Well, you can always interrupt with anything as tempting as Jello's six delicious flavors.
 Starting with strawberry, we we we we
 Raspberry, we we we
 Orange, lemon, you
 And every one of those rich fruit-like flavors reminds you of the real right fruit itself.
 Flavor that's locked right into Jell-O locked in so that it can't possibly get out until your first
 Electible spoonful.
 That's fine.
 You can listen over.
 Curtain, curtain, curtain going on.
 Hey, hold it there.
 Intermission is not over.
 I haven't even begun to tell the people half of the wonderful things about Jell-O.
 All the variety of salads and desserts that you can make so easily with any one of Jell-O six delicious flavors.
 Take, for instance, strawberry.
 -Sarcastic ♪♪♪♪
 Okay, kids, you win.
 -♪♪♪♪
 -♪♪♪
 And now, back to the Aldrich family.
 Yes, getting back to the troubles of Henry Olives. You know, mistake, Henry has got me
 impression that he has to play the lead in the school's production of the Maccada.
 The task of informing Henry of the error has been passed from one to the other with
 the result that no one has told him. The scene opens in Geraldine Love's house. It is the
 next day.
 Mother, he's so unreasonable about the whole thing.
 Who's unreasonable, Geraldine?
 Charlie Clark, mother, haven't you been listening?
 Well, you just--
 But he didn't get the leading part in the operator.
 And Henry Aldrich did.
 He says he has a far better voice than all Henry got the part on.
 Was his good luck?
 He got it on walk.
 His good luck, mother, is good luck.
 Haven't you noticed Henry in the right light recently?
 No, I can't bear him.
 Well, anyhow, Charlie Clark's son,
 Maddie, says he's through with the dramatic society,
 the debating society, and the promotional
 international goodwill society and that he says he's going to leave school who
 is Charlie Clark mother my goodness haven't you been listening
 come right in please thank you see professor Everett I guess you hardly
 remember me huh Henry Aldrich you said yes I used to take piano lessons from
 You did?
 Sure, for two years.
 And then you had to go away on a long vacation.
 Yes, I remember now.
 I'll never forget it.
 Well, how nice of you to drop in, Henry.
 Thank you.
 Uh, social call, I hope?
 Uh, not exactly.
 You see, up until recently, I didn't have any voice to speak of.
 But all of a sudden, it seems to have turned into something.
 Is that so?
 And while I'm not sure I ought to take on more studies, I just be interested in learning what you charge.
 For singing lessons?
 Yes, sir.
 And since my folks have poured so much money into you in the past, I thought I'd try to swing this myself.
 I see.
 Well, suppose you sing something for me.
 Sure. Do you happen to be familiar enough with Tit-Willow to accompany me?
 I'll do my best.
 Okay.
 Mmm, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Mmm. On a tree by a river, a little Tom Jett sang, "Well, oh, Jett, well, oh, Jett, well, oh."
 And I said to him, Dicky Bird, why do you sit singing "Willow"?
 "Hit, Willow"? "Hit, Willow"?
 Is it weakness of it?
 Huh?
 That's fine, have you?
 But I learned all three verses.
 Yes, but frankly, Henry, I'm inclined to agree with you.
 About my voice?
 No. You really shouldn't take on any more study.
 [Music]
 Will the orchestra please come to order?
 Thank you.
 Toby Smith, did you hit George over the head with your violin?
 No, sir, he just stood up.
 Order! Order, order.
 Now, I just want to say one thing.
 We start rehearsals with a cast in two more days,
 and they're going to need some recognizable music.
 So let's go through a wandering minstrel once again.
 And please don't play anything you haven't got.
 There's enough missing already.
 A one, two, three.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 Oh Mr. Cooper!
 Stop the music! Stop the music!
 Mr. Bradley, you mean the auditorium doors weren't closed?
 They were, Mr. Cooper, but may I have a word with you out here in the hall?
 Well, I certainly, certainly, Mr. Bradley, certainly. Will the orchestra please stay put?
 After you, Mr. Cooper.
 Oh, no, no, sir. After you, Mr. Babbis, sir.
 First of all, I've just had a very interesting telephone conversation with Mrs. Aldrich.
 - Henry's mother? - Yes.
 It seems that Henry still thinks he's going to play the lead in your opera.
 Oh, no, Mr. Babbis, I phoned his mother yesterday myself. She told him.
 But the fact remains, she hasn't told him, nor has anyone else told him.
 Why not?
 She says that isn't the question. She wants to know why you allowed Henry to believe he was playing the lead in the first place.
 - Oh, may I explain that? - When I have finished...
 I have here a petition signed by some 30 students headed by the name of Charlie
 Clark stating that unless Charlie is given the leading role they will drop out
 of all school activities including the drive to raise funds for new trades in
 the cafeteria. And now Mr. Bradley in the ISL. When I have finished I also have a
 letter here from the mother of a student named no good Carter you know her
 call as she's the girl who posted Henry's name on the bulletin board. The child is
 in bed as the result of a nervous collapse.
 Well, I-- I--
 Once more, Mr. Cooper, you are putting on an operator.
 And once more, the operator is upsetting the entire school.
 Very well, Mr. Bradley.
 I'll tell Henry myself that he is not
 playing the lead in the macabre.
 About that, Mr. Cooper.
 I have here a report from no less than six of Henry's teachers
 who say that overnight he's showing more industry
 and application than anyone else in his classes.
 Who, Henry Orbex?
 The boy has apparently taken a new lease on life.
 Why, that's a sound.
 And in view of the fact that Scholastic Standing is always a fine important.
 Yes, sir.
 How can you now take Henry Aldrich out of the leading part in your operator?
 But...
 But Mr. Bradley, what am I going to do?
 The question is, Mr. Cooper, what am I going to do now that your little operator has turned the entire school upside down?
 Sam, I don't see how you can possibly go through with it.
 Alice, I just attended a two-hour meeting of the entire high school faculty.
 The entire faculty?
 And this is what was decided.
 And there is nothing to do now but let Henry know.
 I wouldn't have the courage.
 Tardis, you're not. It's my fault things have gone as far as they have.
 Henry!
 Yes, Father!
 Will you step into the living room, please?
 Sam, I've known people who were scarred for life because of a thing like this.
 Were you calling my father?
 Yes, Henry.
 Uh, Alex, I think you better leave.
 I think so too.
 Henry, I'll be out in the kitchen making you a chocolate cake.
 Father, is there something wrong with mother?
 No, Henry.
 Just sit down.
 Okay.
 Henry, can you take some bad news?
 Yes, sir.
 It's about the author letter.
 You mean because you're going to Washington, you won't be able to hear me sing?
 Henry, I'm going to let you have it straight from the shoulder.
 [Music]
 Curtin, Curtin what's wrong with the Curtin?
 Oh you are all good, you are all good.
 You're good, my Jeremy, it's over.
 Oh Henry, you were wonderful, simply wonderful.
 What was it for this, Geraldine? You were pretty swell yourself.
 What, I'm like, I really?
 Was that a swell show?
 Thanks, our energy.
 You were swell too.
 Oh, you were good, you were good.
 You guys look who's coming next day.
 That's right.
 Hey, Ray.
 Come on Alice.
 Henry, we just heard someone say this was the best operator the school has ever put on.
 You did, Mother.
 And Gee, it wasn't that good.
 It certainly was, Son, and we're proud of it.
 Well, thanks, and listen, I have a couple of things to take care of.
 I'll be right back.
 Alice, let's work our way over there.
 What a point.
 I'm going to do it.
 Look at the way he's crushing around.
 No!
 I never thought it would be right about it.
 Alice, when you get down to it, isn't you, it's amazing.
 It certainly is.
 And to think I dreaded telling Henry that instead of playing the lead he was to the head stage manager
 The best stage manager central high ever hey, yeah nobody but a boy could take it on the chin like that and bounce right back again
 Henry, what are you doing with that suitcase?
 She was a whole pack what time does our train leave my train for Washington for watching
 What sure father isn't it the night you said you were taking me
 - Alle, Sam. - Henry, your mother has something to tell you.
 - Sam, how did you come back here?
 - Oh, you mean?
 - Boy, Geraldine, you were swelling tonight's operation.
 - Oh, thanks, Henry. You were a wonderful business manager, too.
 You know, you could make singing your whole future career.
 Oh no, I've got another career.
 I'll kick down.
 You have?
 My goodness, yes.
 I want to marry a famous businessman.
 Don't you mean a business manager?
 Well, speaking of careers, one of famous one Jello is made for itself as America's favorite
 gelatin dessert.
 Yes, Jello.
 The luscious shimmering dessert that comes in six delicious flavors.
 Strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime.
 All things rich with that famous, locked-in goodness.
 Tomorrow, try Jell-O Peach and Banana Mole.
 Just prepare one package of lime, Jell-O as usual.
 Then pour your Jell-O over one half cup of drained can,
 sliced cling peaches, arranged in a mole.
 Add one sliced banana and chill until firm.
 It's a quick and easy dessert to make,
 and it's so gay to look at, so tempting to eat.
 stock up on jello for the weekend
 look for those big red letters on the box
 those big red letters stand for the jello family
 if you have a heart
 Last year, one person died every minute from heart disease.
 Let's do something about it.
 Send a donation to your local Heart Association campaign, or to the American Heart Association,
 Box 500, New York City.
 Money can help the fight against heart disease.
 So open your heart and give.
 [Music]
 The Aldrich family starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer is written by Patricia
 The Jaudrey and Del Dinsdale with music by Jack Miller. Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are House
 Jamison and Catherine Roth. And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying, "The Aldrich family
 is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 Oh, the big red letters stand for the Jell-O family. Oh, the big red letters stand for the
 ♪ Yellow family, that's yellow ♪
 ♪ Union, yum, yum ♪
 ♪ Yellow putting, yum, yum ♪
 ♪ Yellow, that's the party, yes, our league ♪
 (orchestral music)
 And I'll stay tuned for the Burns and Allen Show,
 which follows immediately over most of these same stations.
 (orchestral music)
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (sighs)
