 Now it's the Aldrich family on NBC.
 [MUSIC]
 Henry Aldrich, coming mother.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Yes, it's the Aldrich family, it's transcribed, written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 [Music]
 The wonderful thing about the teenage time of your life
 is the fact that you can experience it twice.
 Once in your own growing up, and more or less continually thereafter,
 the misadventures of your own are your neighbors Henry Aldridge.
 The scene opens in the Aldridge living room. The time this evening.
 Sam, I don't think you're looking at this from Henry's point of view.
 You're quite right, I'm not.
 I'm looking at it from Mr. McCalls or whatever his name is point of view.
 And if you'll remember Alice, I'd buy it, Henry, in the first place not to take that job,
 unless he was sure he could stick to it.
 Well, dear, that's the whole point.
 Henry isn't working tonight because he isn't supposed to work.
 He's taking yellow note of the spring dance of the country club.
 Yeah? Only what's all the fuss about.
 Well, there isn't any fuss.
 Mr. McCall, down at the drugstore, phoned a few minutes ago and wanted to know where the bicycle is.
 A what?
 The bicycle Henry delivers packages on.
 You mean he's lost it?
 No, no, Sam. Of course he hasn't.
 The bicycle is right out on the front porch.
 Well, what's wrong with that?
 Well, nothing to hear.
 Except that Henry didn't understand that he was to return it tonight.
 And don't you think Mr. McCall could be reasonable and let him bring it back tomorrow?
 Because there isn't any other way to get it back.
 Is there?
 Alice, you...
 You want by any chance leading up to the suggestion that I take the bicycle back, are you?
 Why, dear, that hadn't even ended my head.
 Would you want to?
 I would not.
 Can Alice, if his employer wants that bicycle, Henry should take it to him no matter how far it is?
 But, dear, do you think his employer realizes that Henry is only young once?
 And that this is one of the most important dances the club is having all season?
 No, I don't imagine he does.
 Do you?
 Do I want?
 Yes, I realize a boy is young only once,
 and a man reaches my age only once.
 And I'm going to sit in this chair and read this paper and not deliver any bicycle.
 Mother, Mother, are you supposed to fix my necktie, please?
 No, Henry.
 Sit down on the arm of this chair while I straighten it.
 Okay.
 Did I just hear you and Father talking about Mr. McCall's bicycle?
 You did.
 Well, look, Father, be sure to remember this.
 When you first push back on the break, your feet will go all the way around once, but the second time around you'll stop.
 [laughter]
 At least you'll usually stop.
 I won't stop at all.
 You won't?
 You mean Mother didn't have a chance to explain things to you?
 Henry, if I gave you the impression that I was going to ask your father to take that bicycle back for you,
 I'm afraid you misunderstood me.
 I'm going to ask Mary to do it.
 Mary?
 Mary isn't even here.
 Well, she will be.
 She'll be back any minute.
 Why, you sure?
 Because I feel very responsible for that bicycle.
 And onor.
 And the dance.
 Well, you haven't one thing to worry about.
 Now, you run upstairs and put your coat on.
 Yes, mother.
 Sure.
 Thanks very much.
 Oh, Sam, did you see that?
 Did I see what?
 How can't she and you see his?
 Well, he wouldn't even put his coat on until I assured him
 that Mary would take care of the bicycle.
 Alright, Alice, just so Mr. McCall gets it back tonight.
 You, Sam, you talk as though returning a bicycle
 with the most awful problem in the world.
 Mother!
 Oh, yes, Mary, I'm coming.
 My goodness, Mother, look at what I've just done
 to my brand-new stockings.
 Mary Orridge, how did you do that?
 I'm that old bicycle out on the front porch.
 And, Mother, I was planning to wear these stockings
 to the dance tonight.
 Well, Mary, you didn't tell me you were going to the dance.
 Well, Mother, don't you remember?
 I told you at breakfast this morning,
 and I'm late as it is.
 - Well, you mean you haven't timed two?
 - Two.
 - I haven't timed two what?
 - Nothing, dear.
 You're only young once, go on up and get your clothes changed.
 I've gotta put in a phone call.
 - Number please.
 - Elm 232.
 - Elm 232.
 - Mother, don't you think it'd be all right
 if I tell Henry he has to pay for these stockings?
 - Mary, Henry only earns 50 cents
 for a whole afternoon's work
 and those stockings cause 98.
 No, Mother, they cost a dollar fifteen.
 Well, that makes it worse, aren't you, shame?
 Hello, Mrs. Brown speaking.
 Oh, hello, Elizabeth. This is Alice.
 Is Homer there?
 Why, just a minute, Alice.
 Homer, you're one of the kind of phones.
 Alice, why is it only way down, I want to ask you.
 Did you know about the Alice's party?
 The Alice's? Are they giving a party?
 Yes, dear. I understand they've invited scads of people.
 Really? When is it?
 It's tonight.
 Tonight, Elizabeth?
 Well, aren't you invited?
 No.
 You mean you want either?
 Well, no.
 No.
 Well, I guess you and I just aren't included.
 Well, isn't that terrible?
 I'm not surprised about myself, Alice,
 but after all, you'll be entertained, the Alice.
 Well, that's the way things are, Elizabeth.
 You never know.
 Oh, just a minute, Alice.
 Here's Homer.
 Hello.
 Why can't you say hello, Mrs. Orange?
 I didn't know it was Mrs. Orbridge.
 Hello, Mrs. Orbridge.
 Hello, dear.
 Mother, could you be lacing my shoes?
 How are you, Mrs. Orbridge?
 Homer, how would you like to earn a little money?
 Some money? Boy.
 Well, it won't be very much, but it'll probably come in very handy.
 Okay, sure. When do you want me tomorrow morning?
 No, dear, tonight.
 Tonight?
 Yes, dear. You can do the whole thing tonight.
 Well, I'm not working tonight, Mrs. Orla.
 Do you want me to act in the country club?
 You're going to the dance?
 Well, are you sure you wouldn't like to do just one little errand?
 Oh, do you know I've got to save myself to dance?
 Well, I suppose you're only young once.
 What's that?
 Nothing, Homer.
 Goodbye, dear.
 Mother!
 Oh, come here, Henry.
 I'm afraid I have something I have to tell you.
 You have, Mother?
 Boy, how do I look?
 How do you like my hair this way, huh?
 Henry.
 I can't begin to tell you how much I appreciate you're fixing things up for me.
 Are you sure, Mary?
 I'll be back in time.
 Mary's already back.
 The only thing is...
 Boy, Mother, there isn't another guy in this town who has a mother that...
 You know what I mean?
 Henry, you don't have to hug me quite so tight.
 Oh.
 What was it you wanted to say to me?
 Why...
 Nothing, dear.
 You go right on and have a good time.
 Okay, good night, mother.
 Good night, and don't stay out late!
 Okay, and you explain to me how responsible I feel about that bicycle.
 Well, hello there, Mrs. Aldrich.
 Don't tell me you're out wheeling a baby this time of night.
 Good evening Mrs. Hooper.
 No, this is a bicycle.
 A what?
 A delivery bicycle.
 It has a sidecar.
 Oh, yes.
 Well, I recognize your face, but I couldn't place the sidecar.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm just bringing it over here to Mr. McCall's drugstore.
 It was very good exercise.
 Yeah, something I can do for you, madam.
 - Why, yes. Are you Mr. McCall? - Yes, ma'am.
 - Well, I've just returned your bicycle for Henry Aldrich. - Oh, yes.
 Well, where is Henry? I got a couple packages for him to deliver.
 Tonight? Well, I didn't know he was supposed to...
 Why did you think I wanted the bicycle? I understood the boy was responsible.
 Mr. McCall, let me make one thing clear.
 Henry feels most responsible about his work here.
 Yeah. All right. Can you get him on the phone and tell him to come down here?
 I'm sorry, but he left the house before I did.
 Yeah, you assist him.
 The sister? Why, I'm his...
 Do I really?
 Yeah, look, I've got a new story here.
 And I am trying my best to please my customers.
 A couple orders come in and I promise them and then your brother lets me down.
 Now, what am I going to do?
 Well, Henry's going to be put in the position of...
 You mean I really look like...
 Where did the packages go?
 You mean you take them out for me?
 Well, I'll...
 There's a dollar forty-two on this ice cream and ninety cents on this cough, man.
 And look out for the break on the bicycle.
 The bicycle? Oh, you don't mean I have to ride it?
 Do you?
 Ladies, you realize how far you have to take those packages?
 Oh, my goodness!
 Hello, McCall's Pharmacy.
 This is Mrs. Allison. May I ask about my ice cream?
 This is who Mrs. Allison over on North Street and I have a whole dining room full of gas waiting for that ice cream you promised to send over.
 Yeah, oh yes Mrs. Allison the girl just left with it.
 Gee, I don't know if this sure is a swell dance.
 Boy am I having a good time.
 So am I Henry. I never had a better time in my life.
 - Hi Eleanor. - Hello Homer.
 Can I have the next dance with you?
 Oh I'm sorry, Homer, but I promised it to Henry.
 You have? Boy, am I having a bum time?
 - What's the matter, Homer? - Agnes, Agnes.
 You know what she did? She was so anxious to get here,
 she ran out of her front door and rolled right down the steps.
 So she had to go back and change her clothes all over again.
 - Really? - I'll see you later, Homer.
 - Hello, Mary. - Mary? My sister?
 Yes, there she is.
 Was she coming here?
 Hello, Eleanor.
 Oh, Mary, do you have any trouble with that break?
 Well, what break?
 Well, didn't you notice how your foot flips off the pedal
 the first time?
 My foot what?
 Mary, don't you know the bicycle?
 I certainly do know about it.
 I tripped right over it.
 And you owe me a brand new pair of stalking.
 I do?
 Just for taking it back to Mr. McCall?
 For taking what back?
 The bicycle.
 The bicycle.
 Didn't mother tell you?
 She didn't even mention it, Henry.
 Oh, boy.
 Henry, where are you going?
 I'll be right back, Eleanor.
 Just as soon as I get something straight now.
 Homer, hey Homer.
 - What, Henry?
 - As long as you're waiting around for Agnes.
 How would you like to earn 50 cents?
 (upbeat music)
 - Alice.
 Alice, are you upstairs?
 (phone ringing)
 Alice.
 Hello, Sam always speaking.
 Sam, this is Alice.
 What's that Alice? When did you leave the house?
 Why, you're quite a while ago, dear.
 And dear, I hate to bother you when I know you're reading your papers,
 but I'm afraid you'll have to come over and get me.
 Get you?
 Yes, I have a flat tire.
 You mean you took the car?
 Oh, no, dear. I am.
 Well, I took...
 Well...
 You what?
 And nothing, Sam. Just forget it.
 Goodbye, dear.
 Dennis, what are you talking about?
 Alice, where are you?
 Hello, can you hear me, Mother?
 Yes, Humma, and I'm sorry, but your father says he absolutely won't help you out.
 But Mother doesn't he understand what's happened?
 Henry gave me 50 cents, provided I go over to his house and get a delivery bicycle he has
 and take it to McCall's drug store, see?
 - Yes.
 - And just after I took the 50 cents
 and bought some punch with it,
 who do you think showed up?
 - Who?
 - Agnes with a different dress on.
 And before she'd even dash, she had to have some punch.
 Boy, she went right through 20 cents.
 (audience laughs)
 And I wondered where the father
 wouldn't be willing to deliver that bicycle for me.
 Provided I'd give him part of next week's allowance.
 - You're afraid Agnes will be hurt if you leave.
 - Well sure, wouldn't you be?
 - Well, do you know, I'll have a talk with your father.
 Only he has his shoes off and you know what that means.
 But mother, you know how to handle him.
 She was all you have to do is talk to him the way you do
 and you can get him into his shoes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Don't worry.
 You go on when you're dancing.
 After all, you're only young one.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Get over on your own side of the street.
 Suppose you get over on your side, you big...
 Alice, oh, could you set you on that machine?
 Harriet!
 Aah!
 Look out, I'll run over you.
 What's the matter, can't you stop?
 Not the first time I back up my seat!
 There.
 Now help me off.
 Alice, Colbridge, may I ask what you're doing?
 Harriet, you're just the person I want to see.
 Could you take this package of ice cream into the Allison's house here?
 What are you doing?
 Delivering packages.
 Packages?
 For the poor?
 Harriet.
 The Allysons are giving a party in there, and I have got their ice cream, and I haven't been invited.
 And...
 Well, so you'll just have to take it in for me.
 But, Allison, I'm late for a bridge party over at the Anderson's.
 But don't you understand?
 Dress the way I am. I can't go into the Allysons.
 Frankly, you're the canines and only think I'm trying to crash their party.
 Now, Harriet, do you remember on your 13th birthday when you were too bashful to ask Bill Townsend to your party
 and I did it for you and you swore you'd do anything in the world for me any time I asked you?
 No.
 Harriet, you did not?
 Well, anyway, you're going right over by Maple Street.
 Could you at least leave this bottle of course here at the 227?
 Who is it important?
 It's very important.
 And you see, Mr. McCall just started a new drugstore,
 and Henry's trying to help him out.
 Well, all right.
 And Alice, if you don't want to see the Alice's,
 why don't you just leave the ice cream on the front porch,
 ring the bell, and run?
 Because there's $1.40 on it.
 Oh, and there's $0.90 on the coalf syrup.
 And don't lose it in the bridge game.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, my car's pharmacy.
 - Oh, lady, I sent that call, sir,
 about nearly 40 minutes ago.
 I've got a new delivery girl, see?
 And she is.
 - What?
 What's that?
 - Oh, yes, well, when the girl gets there,
 you give her the other bottle you want refill,
 and tell her to bring it back here.
 (laughs)
 Forget it, no trouble at all.
 Come by.
 - Good evening.
 - Yo, hey, hey, yes, good evening,
 something I can do for you.
 - Well, could you tell me,
 have you seen my wife this evening?
 - Your wife.
 - Isn't this where Henry Aldrich works?
 - This is where he's supposed to work.
 - Well, what I mean is,
 did my wife bring a bicycle down here?
 - Oh, you, Henry's brother-in-law, how do you do?
 (audience laughs)
 - I beg your pardon?
 I don't want to complain about your wife, sir,
 but I sent her out with some packages nearly an hour ago.
 Some packages?
 And I've got some more for her to take out,
 and she hasn't come back yet.
 You mean, Alice, by wife?
 And what I want to know is what you're
 going to do about it.
 What I'm going to do about it--
 I thought your family was the kind that could be relied on.
 We are the kind that can be relied on.
 That's why we're helping you out.
 What do you mean by we?
 I haven't seen you do anything yet.
 What, sir?
 Listen, I'm going out and delivering
 a couple of these orders myself.
 You stay here and take care of the store.
 - What's that?
 - And if there's anything you can't find just that.
 - That's, that's cool.
 (upbeat music)
 - Eleanor, do you mind if I suggest something?
 - What Henry?
 - Well let's hit this next dance out.
 - All right.
 - As a matter of fact,
 let's go out in the porch and get some air.
 - All right.
 - Boy, do I feel good.
 Ever since I got home we're lined up to take that bicycle back for me.
 It just goes to show.
 What goes to show?
 I mean, you've got a job, see, and you're conscientious about it.
 It pays.
 Now I was just talking to Mr. Scott a few minutes ago
 and he asked me whether I wouldn't like a job working for him.
 Really?
 Provided I can give him some good references.
 Gee, I wouldn't hesitate a minute,
 ask you Mr. McCall for one.
 Henry, isn't that Agnes Lawson?
 Where?
 At the end of the porch there in the moonlight.
 You know who you suppose that boy is.
 Hey, let's walk down and see.
 Wait until I tell Homer.
 Just wait until I tell Homer.
 Now listen, Hannah, you keep away from here.
 Homer, is that you?
 Come on, Max.
 Let's get away from her.
 Yeah, but then Homer, how about my bicycle?
 And don't you realize my whole reputation's at stake?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [applause]
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 Tonight, Theatre Guild on the air
 raises the curtain again on another fine dramatic presentation.
 George Orwell's 1984 starring Richard Whitmark.
 This is another performance by some of the superb actors
 Theatre Guild has teamed up with the outstanding plays of the past and present.
 Of course, no Sunday would be complete without a visit to those two happy householders, Phil Harris and Alice Fay.
 This curly-headed wonder of the airwaves can usually get himself involved in something that requires Alice's talented hand to unravel.
 And then your two regular NBC thrillers, Dragnet and Barry Craig, confidential investigator, come along next.
 Barry, played by William Gargon, clears up a real thrilling mystery.
 While Dragnet with Jack Webb as Sergeant Joe Friday offers another case history from the files of the Los Angeles police.
 So for the tops in radio entertainment, stay tuned to NBC.
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldridge.
 Because she's decided her son is young only once,
 Mrs. Aldridge has consented to run an errand for Henry
 in order that he may go to the country club dance.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich front hall.
 Homer Brown's father is on the phone.
 Hello, hello, hello.
 Hello, Mrs. Brown speaking.
 Elizabeth, this is Will.
 Who?
 Will, your husband.
 I can't find that bicycle of Henry's.
 Oh, did you look all over there, your aunt?
 I walked into every tree out there and there's still no sign of it.
 Well, where are you now?
 I'm in the Aldrich front hall.
 And Elizabeth, I'm in my house slippers and I'm standing in water.
 In water?
 Well, I can't be responsible if they aren't more careful where they put their faces of flowers.
 [audience laughter]
 Well, me, you just got to find that bicycle.
 Always says Henry was very much concerned about it being taken back.
 And he won't enjoy the dance one bit if he knows who fallen down on him.
 Well, I'll give him ten more minutes, and then I quit. Goodbye.
 Bye.
 [door opens]
 [door opens]
 [door opens]
 [door opens]
 [door opens]
 [door opens]
 Hold your heart here!
 [door opens]
 Hello.
 - And what was this you, Father? - Homer, where are you?
 - This isn't Homer, it's Henry. - Oh, it is. Well, there's Mr. Brown.
 Mr. Brown, she was hot. I get the wrong number. Goodbye, Father.
 - I mean, goodbye. - Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Where's your bicycle?
 Hello? Hello?
 Excuse me, but could you give me some information?
 What is it you'd like to know, lady?
 Well, have you any idea where number 227 Maple Street would be?
 Let's see now. Isn't it this house right here?
 No, I was just in there and they haven't had a cold all year.
 What's that?
 227 Maple Street ordered this cough syrup and I'd like to get rid of it so I can go to a bridge party.
 How about the house next door?
 Oh, I tried that one too. They said they don't think there is any 227.
 Let's see the address on your pack.
 Here you are.
 That's 227, all right.
 Or 277.
 - Is what? - And that certainly says maple.
 Or is it marble?
 Marble Street!
 Don't get discouraged, lady. You're on the right track.
 Now then, I'm sorry to keep you waiting, lady.
 Is there something I can do for you?
 Yes, sir. I'd like a chocolate swab.
 A chocolate swab?
 - Prostance. - Oh.
 That's something to drink, isn't it?
 - Certainly is. It's made with chocolate syrup, milk, and ice cream.
 - Yes, and that's all? - Yes, and then you put in that mixer.
 - Here's what that sounds easy, enough.
 Now then, lady, we'll get a glass.
 Ah, here we are. - Oh, isn't that a Sunday dish?
 - Oh, I see. You want a big drink? - That's right.
 - Well, now, here, how's this size?
 - Oh, my goodness. Do I get one that thick?
 I think this is a drinking glass.
 Couldn't be just an ornament, good, eh?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Now then, let's see.
 I guess the logical thing would be to start with the chocolate.
 Chocolate.
 Chocolate.
 You would miss it in strawberry, would you?
 No, I don't.
 I got strawberry right here.
 A lemon?
 That's parilla.
 Maybe they keep the chocolate in one of these bowls.
 No, that's the cherries.
 Don't you like to have me throw a cherry in?
 No, thank you. How about that other bowl?
 This one?
 Yes, that's a good one.
 Well, I never saw anything like that before. It's sort of a lather.
 Isn't that whipped cream?
 Oh, so it is. It's been a long time since I've seen any whipped cream.
 We're both wrong. It's mayonnaise.
 That chocolate right here.
 Oh, yes. Good for you, lady.
 Well, here we go.
 (barking)
 - My goodness, this is not quite a lot of chocolate.
 Are you gonna have room for the milk?
 - And if we don't, we'll get another glass
 and I'll drink part of it.
 (audience laughing)
 - Have you ever done this before?
 - Not as a general rule.
 Actually, I'm a lawyer.
 - Oh, and you have to take this job night.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, I have to take it tonight, anyhow.
 Now then, let's see.
 Here's the ice cream.
 I wonder what they take it out with.
 Wasn't there a scoop?
 No, and I certainly don't want to use my hand.
 My goodness, no.
 Oh, here's the scoop right here.
 Is that vanilla?
 Oh, yes.
 You can't fool me on vanilla.
 Well, the ice cream won't come out of the scoop.
 Well, all you have to do is squeeze that little jigger
 and it drops right out.
 Yes, I realize that.
 But for some reason, for some reason, would you excuse me a minute
 while I go out and back and see whether I can find a screwdriver?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Good evening.
 Good evening.
 Are you Mrs. Allison's maid?
 I am.
 Don't tell me that's our ice cream.
 I'm afraid it is.
 I was a little delayed on the way.
 You were delayed?
 Well, isn't that you I saw standing right out
 in front of the house for the last 15 minutes?
 Yes.
 I was trying to get some boy to--
 that is, I'm sorry.
 But here's your ice cream if you don't want it,
 you don't have to take it.
 Thank you.
 And there's $1.40 due on it.
 All right.
 Now wait right out there.
 That's just what I intend to do.
 Oh, Amy.
 Yes, Mrs. Dallas.
 And he's finally here.
 And they want to collect $1.40.
 All right.
 Tell a boy I'll be right out and pay him.
 It isn't a boy, it's a girl.
 A girl?
 Yes, ma'am.
 Now then, young woman, here's your $1.40 and $0.10
 for yourself.
 Although you've been so long getting here,
 you certainly don't--
 Oh, my goodness, is that you, Mrs. Aldrich?
 No, oh, yes, yes.
 Good evening, Mrs. Allison.
 Where's the young woman I'm supposed to give this to?
 The young woman?
 The one who brought the ice cream.
 What did she do?
 Going back to the store?
 Well, I... Well, yes, yes.
 Yes, I guess you must have.
 I'm so glad you decided to come.
 Where's Mr. Aldridge?
 Well, come in.
 Oh, no, I couldn't think of coming in.
 Why not? We'd love to have you.
 You're just in time for ice cream.
 No, thanks, Mrs. Allison.
 As a matter of fact, I don't know why I came over at all.
 Was there something you wanted, dear?
 Oh, no, no, just forget the whole thing.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 (loud clattering)
 My goodness.
 Did you hurt yourself, Mrs. Aldridge?
 No, no, I just fell over my bicycle.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Say, isn't anybody in charge of this store?
 Of course, just went around and back again.
 Oh, yeah?
 He's been mixing in your chocolate
 frosted for the last half hour.
 You ran into the little trouble.
 Oh.
 Mr. McColl, hello there.
 I'll be right out.
 Only half a minute.
 I've got to get back home.
 Now, then, what can I do for you?
 But here's what I want to ask.
 That bicycle.
 Sam Ulrich.
 Hello, well, Brown.
 What are you doing in that apron?
 Why, Sam, I can't find Henry's bicycle anywhere.
 Where is it?
 Oh, that's all right, Alice, has it?
 Alice has it.
 She's out delivering.
 She's what?
 Listen, Sam, have you bought this drug store?
 Mr. McCall, Mr. McCall.
 Oh, my Sam Ulrich.
 Harriet, where did you come from?
 Sam, I finally found 227 Maple Street.
 But the lady says I can't have my 90 cents
 until I get this bottle filled for them.
 - What's it for?
 - I don't know, but I've got a bridge game waiting.
 - For just a minute, Harry.
 Hello, McCall's pharmacy, good evening.
 - Oh, Mr. McCall, this is Henry.
 - This is who?
 - Henry, all but remember, I've called up the Say I resign.
 - Henry, this is your father.
 - Is that your father?
 He was how to get the wrong number, goodbye.
 (audience laughing)
 - Henry, Henry.
 - What is that, Mike, last in chocolate?
 Just a minute, lady. I'll be right with you.
 Here, we'll get behind the counter here and give me a hand.
 Who? What?
 Mr. McCall.
 Mr. McCall.
 Is that you, Alice?
 What?
 Sam Paul, Richard.
 How did you have to leave the house in the dirty apron?
 You want me to get chocolate all over my suit?
 Dear, if you've got a dollar for me because if you have,
 give it to Mr. McCall right away because I'm quitting.
 You're what?
 Hello, McCall's pharmacy. Good evening.
 Is this McCall?
 It is.
 - Mr. McCall. - Henry, don't you know your own father when he speaks to you?
 Listen, Father. I thought you said this was McCall.
 How do I keep getting the wrong number? Goodbye.
 Henry! Wait!
 Yes, Father, do you want me?
 Why are you quitting your job down here?
 Because I've got a swell one with Mr. Scott.
 - Doing what? - Oh, it's nice outdoor work mixing cement.
 Don't you think mother would want me to thank you?
 Henry, you're not getting your mother mixed up in any cement.
 [applause]
 The years of World War II are beginning to fade in many memories in America.
 Children are growing up who don't remember the names that made the rest of a shutter like Pearl Harbor, Iwo Jima, Anzio.
 It's easy to forget over here.
 But in Europe, the scars of World War II are still raw.
 Hunger still stalks the land.
 Children are starving, and old people are dying from malnutrition.
 There is one organization that helps in the battle against the war-born hunger,
 Care, C-A-R-E.
 Care prepares scientifically selected and packed food parcels for distribution overseas.
 Delivery is guaranteed, and mass purchasing and planning provides the greatest economy.
 Care is the best way to send parcels to relatives of friends abroad.
 For those who wish to help care, select families abroad to receive
 parcels donated for anonymous recipients.
 If you want to aid the fight against Tonga, send your dollars and
 dimes to Care, New York.
 And if you have people in the war-torn lands, remember, show them
 you care through care.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [ Music ]
 The Aldridge family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldridge are House Jamison and Barbara Robbins.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [applause]
 Tonight is the Phil Harris Alice Face Show on NBC.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
