 [Music]
 And now the Jell-O family presents...
 Henry! Henry O'Rourke!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the Oldridge family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith
 and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Count as Homer.
 And yes, it's the Jell-O family with its three famous desserts.
 Jell-O in those six delicious flavors,
 Jell-O puddings with that old-fashioned homemade flavor,
 and Jell-O tapioca puddings,
 a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 ♪ Everyone's a Jell-O good fellow ♪
 ♪ A very good Jell-O good fellow ♪
 So rich, so tempting and mellow,
 J-E-L-L-O!
 And now for the Aldrich family.
 Whatever and whenever the Golden Age was,
 it is less important to most people than the Teenage.
 A time of life made notable by typical American boys
 like Henry Aldrich and all their mishaps. The scene opens in Mr. Aldrich's bedroom.
 It is just before breakfast.
 But Father, do you think that's fair?
 Fair.
 I don't mean to be rude, but do you?
 Henry, every time you've asked to wear my tuxedo in the past, I've let you have an eye.
 You sure, Father, and that's just the point.
 What is?
 Isn't there such a thing as squatters' rights?
 Squatter's rights would hardly apply to my tuxedo.
 Are you sure we can't rent one for your dance tonight?
 Father, there isn't a tuxedo my size left in town.
 Sam Henry!
 Then I'm sorry Henry.
 But Kathleen's bought a new formal and everything.
 Aren't you coming down to breakfast?
 Yes Alice! Come along Henry.
 Father I know you have the kind of mind that once it's made up dynamite couldn't change it, but could we do this?
 Do what?
 Fix it so that you can wear your tuxedo to that concert tonight with a clear conscience.
 My conscience is clear.
 Sure, but if I had my own tux, you wouldn't have me hanging over you.
 Are you proposing that I'd buy you one?
 You mean you'd consider it?
 Certainly not.
 Henry, what's wrong with your blue surge suit?
 My blue surge.
 Father, I give you my word.
 There's only one guy in the whole class who dareshow up in civilian clothes, and that's
 Willy Marshall.
 And Father, he has no pride whatsoever.
 There's nothing more that I can suggest, Henry.
 And let's consider the subject closed.
 My goodness, your eggs are getting cold. Please sit down, both of you.
 Mother, I couldn't eat a bite. There you can at least drink your juice.
 Well, I'm all choked up.
 Henry?
 I'm drinking it, Father.
 Sam!
 Yes, Alice?
 Do you know what I was thinking about your tuxedo?
 Alice, Henry and I have agreed to close the subject.
 We have?
 And please answer the phone, Henry.
 Yes, Father.
 Drink your juice, Sam.
 Alice, I'm afraid I'm not very hungry either.
 Hello?
 Hi, Henry. This is Lily.
 Who?
 Willie Marshall.
 And listen, Henry, how are you fixed for formal shoes?
 What?
 Formal shoes, formal shoes.
 The closest thing I've got is a pair of black and white saddle shoes.
 But Willie--
 I've always have trouble dancing in rubber soles.
 Have you got an extra pair of patent letters?
 No, I haven't.
 Boy, except for those shoes, I'm practically set.
 I've got a stiff shirt, suspenders, and a real genuine cloth
 coronation.
 Willie, you mean--
 Boy, I need now shoes, black socks, cufflinks, studs,
 a muffler, and a girl.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Willie, you're actually wearing a tuxedo tonight?
 Sure, it's the most important dance of the year.
 Do you think I want to stick out like a sore thumb?
 Well, she was where'd you get it?
 From a waiter I know who's off duty tonight.
 Oh boy.
 You mean I'm going to be the only one there in just a blue surge suit?
 You're? Henry, don't you have any pride whatsoever?
 Listen, Willie, goodbye. I've got to go back to work.
 On what? Never mind. Goodbye.
 Father!
 Father, could I have your permission to reopen the subject,
 providing I use a completely new angle?
 Agnes, calm down. You're on the phone.
 Calm down, Homer. How can I calm down when I'm miserable?
 You mean your parents won't buy you a new form of...
 No, they said the minute I stopped growing in all directions, they'll get me one.
 - We're in a lapi. - Well, it won't be before the dance.
 I know that.
 She was. I've got my tuxedo all pressed and everything.
 - You have? - Sure. It's been under my mattress for a week.
 Look, Agnes, what's wrong with your own form?
 Oh, it's prehistoric.
 What?
 Sure, it's got a neckline that practically comes up to my chin,
 and I don't want to stick out like a sore thumb.
 Agnes, what are we going to do?
 I'll just have to keep working on my folks till I wear them down.
 I know, but the only thing is Homer, if I do talk to him in a buying a new dress,
 I can't get them to give me money for the tickets, too.
 What? But Agnes, that's our arrangement.
 I take you out and you flip the bills.
 Homer, can't you make us sacrifice justice once?
 How can I, I'm broke.
 Why not ask your father for some money?
 Agnes, I have a bargain with my father.
 What, father?
 I don't mention money, and he doesn't mention my report card.
 (laughing)
 - Hey, old man.
 - Look, Homer, if I hang up now,
 I think I can corner my father in the living room.
 Goodbye.
 - Bye.
 - Homer, would you be willing to sign this protest?
 - Can't you let me worry and pee?
 - But listen, it says, we're as in here too,
 all in sundry, know the country club
 gets pretty darn stuffy, to heck with tuxedos,
 and let's make this a simple dance where nobody dresses.
 - You don't want it formal?
 - Boy, have you ever tried putting on a tuxedo?
 You finally get the stiff shirt on, seat,
 and then you have to lie on your back to put on your shoes.
 But, Henry--
 And by the time you're through,
 you're no good for anything signed here.
 Well, before I do, I'd like to make just one minor change.
 What?
 Instead of all that junk about tuxedos,
 just say, whereas, in here too, we
 think it's a disgrace to charge money for tickets.
 Why?
 Gee, was the dances for members of our own classes,
 and it's like charging to get into your own house.
 But Homer, I've got to.
 And I've got a tuxedo.
 Oh.
 Look, Henry, how'd you like to do me a big fave?
 What fave?
 All you have to do is point out to my father
 that if your father gave you money for tickets,
 the least my father can do is get in the spirit.
 Well--
 Will you do that, Henry?
 Sure, Homer, old-timer.
 You will.
 And while I'm doing that to your father,
 would you point out just one thing to my father?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Look at me, Father! Look at me! Isn't it heavenly?
 What is that you're wearing, Kathleen?
 Mine your evening gown for the dad's tonight, do you like it?
 Where's the rest of it?
 That's all there is.
 What?
 Isn't it heavenly?
 Heavenly is hardly the word.
 So, Father, would you be willing to point out to Mother that her pearls are just what
 I need to round me out?
 Kathleen, you don't need rounding out, you need covering up.
 (audience laughs)
 I want you to wear that lace shoe
 all your grandmother gave you for Christmas.
 - A lace shoe.
 - Around your shoulders.
 - That's Father, it'll ruin the whole effect.
 - That's just what I had in mind.
 - Father.
 - Kathleen, I will not have you catching pneumonia in public.
 - But I've been taking vitamins,
 don't you think that's enough protection?
 - I do not.
 - But Father, if I go to the dance hall,
 cover it up with a show of a stick out like a sore thumb.
 (upbeat music)
 Mr. Brown, is that you under the hood of your car?
 Was that...
 Oh, it's you, Henry.
 Yes, sir.
 Hand me that small wrench within.
 Sure, here.
 Thanks.
 Well, what can I do for you, Henry?
 For me?
 Why, you...
 Why just happened to be casually passing by?
 I said to myself why not talk the whole thing over with good old mr. Brown talk what over Homer? Oh
 You're standing on my pliers. Oh
 gee poor kid I
 Keep thinking of them in that dance tonight
 Everybody who's everybody is there see and where's poor old Homer? Where that's just it?
 The biggest affair of the whole term and he hasn't enough money to pay for his tickets. Oh
 The poor kid
 Doesn't it touch you? It does not and she's own for it
 He spent every last time he had in the world on a pair of waterproof raw hide boots
 Well, gee whiz mr. Brown
 Even if he did go overboard for a practical thing like waterproof boots
 You think you want to make him suffer for it? I mean boy, we all make mistakes. You don't say sure
 Even I make them.
 - He was, do you know when I did once? - What?
 I put a dime in a peanut machine seat, and you know what came out?
 - What? - Three cents stands.
 So you see, those things happen to the best of us.
 Henry, it isn't easy for a father to teach his son that money doesn't grow on trees,
 but it has to be done.
 Now, if he's going to that dance, you'll have to dig up the ticket money himself.
 - But Mr. Brown... - I have to think of his character.
 But she was, Mr. Brown, think of me.
 - You? - Sure.
 When the band strikes up the first wall, and I look out the window, and there's Homer.
 Poor kid.
 All dressed up in his tuxedo and no tickets.
 Staring in at us, with his nose pressed up against the window.
 Boy, I won't be able to dance a step.
 You don't say.
 It was now that I think I'm poor kid.
 I've got half of mine to give Homer my tickets.
 And not go yourself?
 Yes, sir. I've got half a mine.
 (audience laughing)
 - Henry, did Homer ask you to speak to me?
 - Homer?
 Well, gee whiz, Mr. Brown, I give you my word.
 Look, here are my two tickets.
 You give them to Homer.
 - You really mean that, Henry?
 - Sure.
 - You're positive?
 - Positive.
 - Well, thank you very much.
 - Mr. Brown, you mean you're really gonna take them?
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - What's the name, Mr.?
 - All rich.
 - And could you have it pressed by three o'clock?
 - Three.
 - Look, Mr. I've got every tuxedo and centerville
 in my shop.
 - Yes, I know.
 Well, as long as I have it in time for the concert tonight.
 Oh, and here I'll pay for it now.
 - Send it to 117 Elm Street.
 - Okay, Mr. I'll try, but I've only got two hands, you know.
 - Yes, I know.
 Thanks very much.
 Well, Gee was... Hi Mr. Aldridge.
 Hello Homer.
 Aww, isn't that fantastic?
 I beg your pardon.
 Here I've been looking all over San Diego for you and Gee was here you are.
 You've been looking for me?
 Yes sir.
 I thought we might have a little chat.
 Chat?
 Yes sir.
 You and I?
 Yes sir.
 Homer, I'm afraid I'm in a hurry. I'm driving out to see a client.
 That's swell. I'll go with you.
 What?
 Then we can chat as we drive.
 All said Mr. Aldridge.
 Mush.
 What did you say?
 Mush.
 Let's ask him, Oph, let's start.
 I see.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Homa.
 Homa, what's on your mind?
 On my mind.
 I look like I have something on it.
 Frankly, it's hard to tell.
 I just thought we'd have a chat.
 How are you, Mr. Aldrich?
 Fine.
 That's fine.
 Well, now that we've had our chat, shall I let you off at the next corner?
 Before I drop a hint about the sale.
 What sale?
 Why the one the Emporium is having, unpractically everything.
 You don't say.
 Yes, sir.
 Especially Tuxedo.
 Tuxedo?
 Yes, sir.
 Boy, if...
 If a person wanted to buy one, now's the time.
 I see.
 Well, thank you very much, Homer, but I really don't need one.
 Mr. Aldridge, I didn't mean you. I'm in Henry.
 I know you did.
 Mr. Aldridge, why not look at it this way?
 Don't you warn Henry to get married and get out of the house someday?
 I certainly do.
 Well, he'll need a tuxedo for the ceremony.
 When that time comes, I'll scrape up the money somewhere.
 Homer, do you realize I'm driving all the way to Middletown?
 You are, as far as that?
 Yes, and it'll probably be several hours before I come back, so maybe it'll be best if I drop you at the next corner.
 Oh, no, Mr. Old, which I'll go along.
 But Homer...
 looks of things and may take me at least a couple of hours to have this little chat.
 Hello there Henry, what do you have?
 Gee Mr. Dehaven, I don't know if I'm in the mood for anything.
 Mr. Dehaven, do you happen to have a set of cufflinks and studs for as little as a dollar?
 Cufflinks and studs?
 That's one thing I haven't been able to dig up.
 I'm afraid I don't carry them, Willie.
 Oh.
 Say Henry, would you mind if I have a few dances with your girl tonight?
 My girl.
 That's another thing I haven't been able to dig up.
 Willie, I may not even be going to the dance tonight.
 You won't? Gee, when we're having a slow orchestra and everything?
 I know.
 I hear they're even working their way through college. That's how good they are.
 Well, I'd better try someplace else for those stunts.
 Hi, Homer.
 Listen, Homer, where have you been?
 Chatting with your father. Chatting with your father.
 And that's the last time I'll ever talk to a lawyer in my life, even socially.
 Listen Homer, speaking of fathers...
 Boy is he tricky. I had him to the point where any minute I thought he was gonna say,
 "Okay, I'll buy Henry a tuxedo."
 Yeah.
 And the next thing I knew there I was lending you mine.
 What?
 I never know how he did it.
 Homer, your father did the same thing. I'm giving you my tickets.
 What?
 Gee, we're right back where we started from.
 - Only vice versa.
 - Boy.
 - Boy.
 Henry, why should we both be miserable?
 Why don't we flip for it?
 - Flip, sure.
 The winner gets the tux and the tickets.
 - Double or nothing?
 - Sure.
 - It's a deal.
 I've got a coin in my pocket.
 - I thought you were broke.
 - I am.
 This is street guard token.
 Ready?
 - Sure.
 Flip it.
 Heads.
 - Tails.
 What does it say, Homer?
 What does it say?
 - Not good after June 1st.
 (laughter)
 - 1939.
 Homer, that's true.
 I win Homer, I win the tuxedo.
 I'm all set.
 I don't know, I'll ever break this tag.
 There's a double cherry, Henry, it'll cheer you up.
 Give it to Homer, Mr. Dehaven.
 He's the one who needs cheering up.
 I'll just run over to your house, Homer, and pick up your top.
 Okay, have a good time, hen.
 Homer, you're looking worse shaped than Henry did.
 I know.
 Boy, just two sides to a coin, and I had to pick heads.
 I could have just as easily said...
 easily said, said, wait a minute.
 What's wrong?
 Since when is not good after June 1, 1939,
 Tails?
 What?
 Listen, Henry, you double-crosser.
 Come back with my tuxedo.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 And now, while Homer is chasing Henry,
 there's time enough to listen to marith wilson and his talking people
 and erm, erm, ah, the heck with it. Hey, what's the matter here? Marith, we hate being
 intermission. You hate being intermission? Well, why for goodness sakes? Because Henry's
 got the tucks and the ticks and homers in an awful fix and here we are talking to ourselves
 like idiots. Oh, now, bla bla, wait a minute here. Did you ever, did you ever see a gorgeous
 gal in a shimmering evening gown talking to herself.
 Uh, no.
 Then instead of worrying about Homer, be glamorous, shimmer.
 Like yellow, America's favorite shimmering dessert?
 That's the idea.
 Starting with strawberry.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Oh, you can't be very worried when you think of a line up
 like jello's six delicious flavors.
 Locked in flavor.
 You're right.
 And that's why jello tastes so rich and good.
 that makes you think of the real ripe fruit itself.
 So look for those big, red letters on the box,
 and while you're about it,
 get a supply of the whole Jell-O family of desserts.
 ♪ Oh, the big, red letter stand for the Jell-O family ♪
 ♪ Oh, the big, red letter stand for the Jell-O family ♪
 ♪ Oh, Jell-O, yum, yum, yum, yum ♪
 ♪ Jell-O, putting, yum, yum, yum, jell-o-taf ♪
 ♪ Yoke-o, putting, five, all three ♪
 And now back to the Aldrich family.
 [MUSIC]
 Yes, getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Since Henry had no tuxedo for tonight's big dance and
 Homer had no tickets, they flipped for both with a streetcar token.
 Henry won, but Homer feels that he'd been outsmarted if not cheated.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich front hall.
 It is later the same afternoon.
 Come on, Henry, hand it over.
 Boy, Homer, are you a sore loser?
 Sore loser, sore loser, since when is not good after June 1st, 1939, tale?
 Since 1939.
 Listen, Henry, take my tuxedo off that hall banister and hand it over.
 Or I'll turn you over to the police.
 The police? The police on what chart?
 Gambling with a minor.
 I know what I'm in trick.
 Trick?
 Henry?
 Oh, gee, was yes, mother.
 You went being rude to Homer, were you?
 Uh, rude?
 Gee whiz now, was I Homer?
 No Mrs. Aldrich.
 He was very politely pointing out to me that I'm pigheaded.
 Boys, I think you'd both better go in the kitchen
 and cool off with a glass of milk.
 Yes, Mrs. Aldrich.
 Yes, mother.
 Come on, Homer, old pal.
 Sure, Henry.
 Old timer.
 And Henry, you might run around the corner
 to your Aunt Harriet.
 She's making chocolate chip cookies.
 Sure, mother.
 I'd be glad to for good old Homer.
 Sam, where are you?
 Coming, Alice.
 Dear, I've got to have a talk with you.
 Of course, dear.
 Alice, why didn't you tell me my tuxedo
 had come back from the tailors?
 I didn't know it had.
 Oh, here it is, hanging on the banister.
 Oh, I guess Mary must have answered the door.
 Sam, evidently Homer feels he was tricked
 into lending Henry his tuxedo for tonight.
 Alice, I give you my word, Homer, practically insisted
 on Henry wearing it.
 But dear, the whole thing is seriously affecting
 their friendship.
 Very well, Alice.
 Very well, I'll just take Henry downtown this afternoon in Biomatuxedo.
 Oh no, dear. Why not?
 Henry, I'll just feel your backing down. It'll weaken his character.
 Well, what do you suggest?
 Sam, who's the man in the family?
 Let me at that phone.
 Number, please.
 L-997.
 L-997.
 Why are you calling the Browns?
 The talk to Will.
 Well, just remember the important thing is to get both boys to the dance without spoiling them.
 I'll take your tuxedo up to our room.
 Hello?
 Well, this is Sam.
 Sam, what's this I hear about Henry not giving Homer his tickets?
 That's why I called Will.
 Evidently the boys have changed their minds.
 You mean Homer's going to pester me for the money again?
 Exactly.
 Sam, if I give in, he'll just get the idea.
 He can wrap me around with a little finger.
 Well, I've got the perfect solution.
 You have, Sam, what is it?
 Well, I'll buy Homer his tickets, you see.
 And you buy Henry his tuxedo.
 Say.
 In that way, we both save face.
 Sam, that's wonderful.
 Why didn't I think of that?
 You buy home with the tickets and I buy Henry the...
 [audience laughter]
 Wait a minute!
 What's wrong?
 Sam, you can't pull a pastor like that on an old bird like me.
 The tickets cost two dollars, but a tux would cost fifty.
 But whoa!
 I'm not that anxious to say face-sam.
 Goodbye!
 Well, wait, naturally. I'll pay for the tuxedo.
 [tuxedo clacking]
 Well...
 [tuxedo clacking]
 Well...
 Sam, where are you going?
 I'm going to put all my robbers and then I'm going out and send a telegram.
 A telegram?
 Mother, you're...
 Mother, you're in here.
 - Hairy its cookies.
 - It will take them into home.
 You're sending a telegram to Homestead.
 - Homero timer, I've got, I've got the lobby darn.
 Listen, Homer, come in here.
 - Did you get the cookies?
 - Never mind the cookies.
 Word ya hide it, word ya hide it.
 - Hide what?
 - Listen, Henry, who took my tuxedo off the banister here?
 - Homer, you weren't fooling me.
 You wait until I left the house
 and then you sneaked it outside, didn't you?
 - Boy, are you an actor.
 I know darn well you've hidden it somewhere.
 Come on, where is it?
 Where is it yourself?
 Can we stop shoving?
 Stop shoving yourself.
 Henry.
 Homer?
 (upbeat music)
 Yes, young man?
 You have a tuxedo that was brought in here
 to be pressed under the name of Aldrich.
 Aldrich, I think so.
 Oh boy, I knew it, I knew it.
 Knew what?
 I've come to pick it up right here on the right they are all paid for it is boy
 That's well
 Hey, what's wrong? Are you sure this is my tuxedo? It looks for sizes too large young man
 Would you mind standing back from this pressing machine?
 Look at the way it swims on me don't you want to be nice and casual sure, but I don't want to overdo it
 Suppose I'm dancing with Agnes and she turns me around fast
 Where's the tuxedo?
 What?
 And even more important, where am I?
 Look young man, there are 75 dress suits on those racks that belong to the symphony orchestra
 and they all have to be pressed by 7.30.
 Now would you please stay in back?
 But could I prove you made a mistake?
 Prove it.
 Sure, you see this button?
 Looks fine.
 That's just it, my jacket didn't have one.
 You don't say.
 Sure, it was off.
 You don't say.
 Come here.
 What are you gonna do?
 There.
 Hey!
 a jacket now wait a minute if I take the suit in for you would you go away and let me press the
 orchestra well okay yes let the trousers on in the back room okay but wouldn't it be easy to
 find my own tuxedo that is your tuxedo I don't think I left a good job on a steam roller for this
 yes sir excuse me but you have a tuxedo you're pressing under the name of brown brown yeah was
 - The sure Homer took us tuxedo and brought it down here
 to be pressed.
 - Oh, I just look at these pans.
 If I pull them up, they'll cover my stiff shirt.
 - Homer, so I was right.
 - Listen, Henry, this'll teach you not to try it out Fox me.
 - Homer, I won this tuxedo fear and square.
 Now hand over that Jack.
 - Oh, Henry, let go of that sling.
 - Let go of yourself.
 - Boy, boy, let go.
 - Oh boy.
 - You just look out for that right, Homer.
 (dice clattering)
 Oh no! Oh the orchestra, the orchestra!
 Look what you've done to the orchestra!
 [music]
 How do I look, mother?
 Very nice, dear.
 I do. I really do.
 Even sitting down?
 Boy, imagine finally getting a tuxedo on my own.
 Yeah, imagine.
 The only thing is, why do you suppose Uncle John wired that money for a birthday present today?
 Why?
 My birthday isn't until next month.
 He probably wanted to be sure he didn't forget.
 I know, but Gee was he never gave me anything like $50 before.
 Well...
 Well, uh, you see, uh, Uncle John suddenly sold that copper mine stock of his.
 Gee whiz, who did he unload that on?
 Why?
 Uh, his town hall just dropped us at the front entrance, Henry.
 Yes, mother.
 Gee, you're sure it won't inconvenience you to loan me the car, father?
 No, we'll get a ride home with someone.
 Thanks a lot.
 Gee, a tuxedo and a car.
 Boy, this is gonna be the biggest night of my life.
 Good night.
 Have a good time, Henry.
 Good night, son.
 Sam, I'm very proud of you.
 What for?
 Dear, you know very well.
 Alice, it really wasn't anything.
 If they ever do find copper in that mine, I'll make a fortune out of that stock.
 Let's go in the concert to do a start.
 You know, Sam, I still think you should have gotten yourself a tuxedo when you went down with Henry.
 Alice, for the last time, this tuxedo is all right. It's just comfortably snug.
 If you say so dear, just be careful when you sit down.
 Let's go to our seats.
 Oh, that's strange.
 What's wrong?
 I'm positive I put the tickets in my jacket this morning.
 Sam, you mean you don't have them?
 Let's not get excited, Alice. Maybe someone found them and turned them in at the ticket window.
 Oh, excuse me, mister?
 Yes, sir.
 Or did someone turn in two lost tickets?
 Third row, center?
 No, they haven't, I'm sorry.
 Sam!
 Alice, I can buy other tickets.
 As a matter of fact, I do have two left in the last row.
 Sam, take them or we'll miss the first number.
 There's no rush madam. We're starting a half hour late. Half hour late? Why?
 Well, the orchestra had some difficulty with their dress suits tonight.
 They're still getting them sorted. Here you are sir. Four dollars please.
 Hey, Agnes, look who's here.
 Hi Mrs. Oliver, time Mr. Oliver, how do we look?
 Lovely dear. Is that a new formal?
 I'll say I got a five minutes before the star close.
 You don't say.
 Yeah, my father finally agreed my request was perfectly reasonable,
 and told my mother to buy me the formal before I went out of his mind.
 But why aren't you two at the dance?
 We're making a real evening of it, the concert and then the dance.
 You don't say.
 Have some popcorn.
 Popcorn.
 That's the only way I can enjoy concerts.
 Homer, you mean your father finally gave in and bought you the tickets for the dance?
 No, the tailor did.
 What's that?
 Sure.
 All I had to do was promise to use the tailor shop on the other side of town from now on.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And he threw in tickets for the concert too.
 No, gee, it's the strangest thing how I got those.
 I just happened to reach into the inside pocket of my jacket,
 and there they were.
 What?
 Third row center.
 Sam.
 Homer, isn't that tuxedo a little loose on you?
 Gee, you should have seen it before the tailor sold me together.
 And was there a button missing on your tuxedo jacket?
 She was.
 How did you know?
 Never mind.
 Will you step into the washroom with me for a minute?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Gee, Henry, who's that new girl on the snazzy dress dancing
 with Homer?
 Boy, is she snazzy.
 How do I know?
 Well, Gee whiz, if it isn't Agnes Lawson, boy.
 Agnes Lawson, boy, here's where I cut in.
 Hi, Agnes.
 Now listen, Willie.
 How am I way willy? Here's where I cut in. Hi, Agnes.
 Now listen, Henry.
 Thank you. Where have I been all my life? Bye!
 Sure, it's great to be popular.
 And that's what happens to a hostess when she serves Jello Tapioca Puddings for dessert.
 Yup, Jello Tapioca Puddings, a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 And Jello Tapioca Puddings are ready prepared.
 All you do is add milk and cook for about five minutes.
 Nothing to go wrong, and three glorious flavors.
 Jello Vanilla Tapioca Luscious Light and Mellow
 Jello Chocolate Tapioca Rich and Candy Good
 Jello Orange Coconut Tapioca
 Tangy Orange Flavor with Tropical Coconut
 Look on your grocery shelf for Jello Tapioca Puddings tomorrow
 in all three flavors so you'll have plenty for the weekend.
 Jello Tapioca Puddings
 Three delicious new reasons
 Why more people buy Jello Puddings
 than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 The Oldridge family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer is written
 by Norman Tokar and Ed Joris with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Oldridge are house Jamison and Catherine Rotte.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying
 "The Oldridge family is brought to you by the Jello family."
 ♪ And he's a jello good fellow ♪
 ♪ A very good jello good fellow ♪
 ♪ So rich, so tempting and mellow ♪
 ♪ J-E-L-L-O ♪
 (audience applauding)
 - This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (gentle piano music)
 (bell dings)
