 It's the Irish family.
 The Irish family presented by the Jell-O family.
 J.T. F.L.L.
 Oh, mad at, oh mad at Will's back!
 Well, my dear little talking people.
 Hey, hey, hey, why the big swoon there?
 We're the Henry Irish Band Club.
 Oh, I see.
 Can we send him a present there to Ken Ken Ken?
 Well, that'd be nice.
 have in mind how about a big shaggy dog the kind of jumps all over you and goes
 go after black oh Henry wouldn't want any aluminum goes no Henry wouldn't work
 with the go Henry I don't know Henry I don't know if I just forget the dog why
 don't you send Henry a present that the whole family will enjoy of course why
 I didn't waste any of that!
 Jello, the world's most famous shimmering dessert with the six delicious flavors.
 Or any of the three flavors of Jello Tapioca Pudding.
 Whoa!
 That's the pudding with the personality.
 And, Dipples!
 And there's no treat in the world like those smoothest cream Jello Pudding.
 Ahhh!
 Henry and everybody else will swoon when they taste Jello Pudding's three delicious flavors.
 Can't you just taste that luscious light? And the chocolatey good? And the buttery brown, bonny, bonny. Scotch. Edge yellow pudding. And they're smooth as cream. But you all like them? No, not much. Oh, he's in there. Hey, look at that clock. It's time for...
 I'm for the Aldrich family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith
 and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kalk as Homer.
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 No one has ever yet succeeded in crowding into one definition
 all the amazing characteristics of a typical teenage American boy.
 The best you can do is to say boys will be boys and let it go at that.
 This is a special issue of Henry Aldridge.
 The scene opens in an empty classroom at Central High.
 Henry, let's go. I'm hungry.
 Wait a minute, Homer.
 Do you hear footsteps out there in the hall?
 Sure, all the kids are going downstairs to eat their lunch, like sensible human beings.
 But do you hear any footsteps that sound like Mr. Nelson?
 Henry, what are you afraid of?
 Who's afraid? I'm not afraid.
 And why are you holding my hand?
 Look, Homer, just open the door, say.
 Sure, and we'll both go downstairs and eat our lunch.
 No Homer, just peek out into the hall and tell me when you see Mr. Nelson going into the teacher's room.
 Okay, Hen, but don't stick your head out.
 How can I see him if I don't stick my head out?
 But he might see you. Is that bad?
 Quick Homer, close the door.
 But Hen, we are in home.
 Here, have my lunch. I've got glue on my mind.
 Oh boy.
 Look, all we have to do is wait till Mr. Nelson is safely inside the teacher's room.
 Yeah, why?
 Homer, isn't it clear?
 I've got to keep out of his way.
 Although, gee whiz, it wasn't even my fault.
 I don't think.
 Hello, Wolfen.
 Knocking over the glue pot in manual training.
 Besides, I was just doing, willy, a good turn by helping him knock his block off.
 Helping him, Mom?
 Knock his block off!
 Knock his block off!
 He went and put one block too many in his inlay breadboard.
 And you knocked over a whole pot of glue?
 No, gee, was it was only half full?
 Or Mr. Nelson threw a fit?
 You know what really made a man?
 He stepped in the glue, see?
 And walked right out of his shoe.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And right there in the toe of his sock
 was about the biggest hole I've ever seen.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Me, whiz.
 Gee, you don't ever think of teachers
 being real human beings with holes in their socks, do you?
 And I'm not sure, but I think he had one in the heel, too.
 Why, him?
 Sure. So tell me the truth.
 Do you think I deserve to get a detention for a little thing like that?
 She was to Mr. Nelson, give you a detention?
 Not yet. That's why I'm avoiding him. All he said was he'd look into the glue
 pod later.
 Oh, somebody's coming.
 Well, can we, my peanut butter sandwich?
 under the desk.
 Henry, you're sitting on.
 Stop squirming Homer, we'll show.
 How could we?
 Henry, my goodness, what are you and Homer doing under that desk?
 Kathleen, I thought you were.
 Homer, get up.
 I can't, I'm underneath.
 Hi Kathleen.
 Hi Kathleen.
 My goodness, I was just talking about you.
 Allow me Kathleen.
 Homer, what could I possibly say about you?
 That's true.
 It was about the basketball game this afternoon, Henry.
 Yeah, the basketball game.
 And my goodness, the silliest thing happened.
 Guess who asked me to go to the game with him, Charlie Clark?
 Charlie Clark?
 Well, you know how he pesters me.
 He even wanted to take me out for soda afterwards.
 My goodness, I suppose he thinks I'd be the envy of all the girls if I went with him.
 Wouldn't maybe envy a Shivu in with Henry.
 Homer, don't be ridiculous.
 Cross home, don't be ridiculous.
 Kathleen, what's so ridiculous about that?
 And Henry, Charlie said, "If at the last minute you couldn't take me to the game to let him know."
 Oh, he did.
 Well, Gee, what did he mean by that?
 Well, that's what I wondered.
 You are going to take me out to Henry.
 Well, sure, Kathleen, absolutely.
 I might be, well, a couple of minutes late, but I'll be there.
 I'm pretty sure.
 There's nothing wrong with her, Henry.
 The wrong?
 She was, no.
 Everything...
 The things have never been better, I think.
 I think.
 Then why are you in Homer waiting here in this classroom?
 Why, uh, why, do we, we, we lie here?
 Where it's quiet.
 Oh, well then I'll meet you at Miss Travis' classroom at 3.45.
 Sure.
 Oh, Kathleen is, um, is, uh, anybody out in the hall?
 No, Henry.
 The coast is clear, Homer, come on.
 Nobody can miss Nelson, bye.
 Mr. Nelson?
 Sure, Henry.
 Here he comes down the hall.
 Oh boy, oh, oh, look.
 Look, look.
 I'll be taking a drink from the water fountain here. You stand in front of me. Okay, bend over.
 Act nonchalant, Homer. Manchalant. Oh, Homer. Oh, gee. Hello, Mr. Nelson. How are you? Just fine. How are you? Oh, I'm fine. That's fine. Fine. Now, would you mind stepping aside, Homer? I'd like to get a drink. A drink? If you're pleased. Of water? Unless they've started putting soda pop in the fountains.
 That would be an awfully good idea, don't you think?
 A hallmark step aside.
 Yes, sir.
 Why, Henry?
 Why, Mr. Nelson?
 Gee, the one person in school, I...
 The one person I...
 You wanted to speak to me, Henry.
 Yes, sir, I just want to apologize for that little accident this morning in manual training.
 Which accident do you mean?
 When I accidentally and through no fold of my own helped knock over the glue pot, you
 You mean you were the one who knocked it over?
 You mean you didn't know?
 (audience laughing)
 Well, Henry, as much as I admire your honesty.
 - Yes, sir.
 - I'm afraid I'll have to give you a detention.
 Mr. Bradley's rules, you know.
 - A detention?
 This afternoon?
 - Yes, Henry, in my room right after school.
 - But Mr. Nelson.
 - Now if you'll excuse me, I'm eating my lunch here
 on the teacher's room.
 - Oh boy.
 Hello then, Elsie.
 - How are you, Prescott?
 This seat taken?
 - No, go ahead, I just came from band practice.
 Have you got an aspirin?
 afraid not i use all mine
 talk about
 good to sit down my
 he got killing
 well i'll take my head for your feet any day
 thought you eating
 not yet
 all i want to do is sit here and relax on the mountain
 someone to feel
 all right is everything always go wrong on monday is this only monday
 my head feels like
 yes what can
 all it's you again henry
 yes you're going to be how are you anyway mister nelson
 Frankly, I'm hungry.
 Why, I was just wondering, Mr. Nelson,
 was it this afternoon you said you wanted me
 to take my detention?
 It was.
 What was it tomorrow afternoon?
 It was this afternoon.
 Not tomorrow?
 Henry, that's all right, Mr. Nelson.
 I'll be glad to stay after school.
 Only, what do you think our basketball team is going to do
 today?
 What they usually do, lose.
 Mr. Nelson, did I tell you how sorry I am,
 knocked over your sock. I mean you glue. I'm sorry too Henry. I know. Was that all you
 had just hope your shoes are all right. They will be once I get them loose from
 the floor up there. Well see whiz what do you wear these Jim shoes are very
 comfortable Jim shoe. I had to borrow them from Charlie Clark. Charlie. Oh boy
 the Mr. Nelson about to say about this afternoon. This afternoon Henry I'll
 see you at 3.30. Yes sir just before the basketball game. That's right. Oh now if
 If you'll excuse me.
 Who was that Nelson?
 The Orbridge boy.
 Yes.
 What do you want coming in here?
 He didn't say.
 Nice boy, that Henry.
 Are you sure you haven't gotten your aspirin?
 Positive.
 I hated that to give him a detention, but you know how Mr. Bradley is.
 I sure do.
 Have to keep your finger on everybody's pulse, you know.
 Speaking of pose, look who just came in.
 Well, well, Miss Trevor.
 That's a nail.
 Here, here, have my chair, Miss Trevor.
 No, I have Mark.
 Why don't I just take this empty one right here?
 What's that in the basket, Miss Trevor?
 Apples. I just cleaned out my desk.
 Anyone like that?
 No, thank you.
 I'll have one.
 Well, I'll have one, too.
 Will you have one of my letters, then, which is Miss Trevor?
 No, thank you. I can only stay a minute.
 Mr. Nelson, about the basketball game this afternoon...
 I'm certainly sorry you can't go with me, Miss Trevor.
 Well, as a matter of fact, Mr. Nelson, I got those papers marked last night.
 Oh? So I will be able to go with you after all.
 Well, why, that's great.
 Yes, but...
 Well Nelson didn't you say you had a detention this afternoon?
 Say I'd forgotten all about that.
 Oh that's too big.
 I'll tell you what Miss Trevor, I don't mind being second choice.
 What?
 I suppose I pick you up at your room at 3.30.
 Well I just a minute, I can get out of this detention.
 Oh no you can't Nelson.
 Miss Trevor I'll pick you up at 3.30.
 No no wait a minute press stop.
 (music)
 Thank you, operator. I'll wait.
 But, Henry, why are you phoning your mother?
 I'm just using my head, Homer. I can get out of this detention.
 You can.
 If I can just replace that glue I spilled, I'm pretty sure Mr. Nelson will be reasonable about the whole thing.
 Hello?
 Now, get out of the phone booth, Homer.
 Hello, mother.
 Henry, why aren't you in school?
 I am.
 I'm right here in Ms. Shae's booth.
 You're not in any kind of trouble, are you, dear?
 Trouble?
 Oh, see, why do you say anything like that?
 I just happen to be passing the phone, see, and I have five minutes before my next class.
 Yeah.
 And, yeah.
 And, uh, how are you?
 Come on, fine.
 Is that all you phone for?
 Sure, and could you please send Mary down here with a can of glue?
 The kind of what?
 Glue mother glue. What you used to stick shoes to. I mean furniture lay.
 Yeah, what do you want glue for?
 For manual training. The can they had sort of ran out, see,
 and well I thought it might help matters if I supplied them with an extra one.
 That's very nice of you Henry, but can't it wait until tomorrow?
 No, Gee was if I don't get it today, I'll probably get a detention.
 What's that?
 Oh, her, oh boy.
 Henry, did you say a detention?
 Look, Mother, will you please tell Mary to run all the way?
 Goodbye.
 Henry, I'm glad I found you.
 Yes, Mr. Nelson.
 I've been thinking over what you said to me in the teacher's room.
 See, I didn't mean anything by that.
 I know.
 But when you said you thought your detention was tomorrow...
 Oh, I realize now that it's today.
 But, Henry...
 I wondered what you'd think, Mr. Nelson, if I were to replace the glue, I spilled.
 That won't be necessary, Henry.
 You mean it wouldn't help matters, any?
 Henry and view of the fact that you did clean up all the glue all except what spattered into the band saw you spattered glue
 I'm a band saw you mean you didn't know
 Well, Henry even if you did and I realized mr. Nelson that you have to punish me for it
 He was if you teachers didn't keep discipline around here
 Who would well Henry what I had in mind was that was mr. Nelson?
 I hope you won't think I'm being forward, but mr. Nelson
 What would you think of this or what how would you like to have sort of a right hand all the rest of the year?
 What's that gee?
 I'll clean up a manual training room and sharpen the chisels and carry messages for you and help you mark papers
 No, Henry. I don't I'll do anything if you'll just release me from that detention today
 Anything you ever asked me to do mr. Nelson no matter what it is Henry. I certainly appreciate your offer
 She was you do therefore Henry
 Yes, mr. Bradley
 Certainly, Mr. Bradley. Mr. Nelson about my property. I'll be back in a minute Henry. Wait right there. Sure. Mr. Nelson. I'd be glad to
 Sit down please. Thank you, Mr. Bradley
 Now then mr. Nelson
 Something quite serious has just happened. Oh, oh it has it has oh
 I've just received the call from a mother who claims that we're forcing her boy to supply glue from annual training
 What's that?
 And Mr. Nelson.
 When this mother pointed out that she pays taxes, to buy just such items as glue, you
 can imagine my position.
 Yes, yes sir.
 I was without an answer, Mr. Nelson.
 Yes sir.
 But Mr. Nelson, if you ran out of glue in manual training this morning, may I ask why
 you didn't report it to me?
 But Mr. Bradley, we have plenty of glue in manual training for lacquer that we're out
 of.
 Or is it varnish?
 No, no, I'm sure it's lacquer.
 You're sure?
 Yes sir.
 You're quite sure.
 Why, I'm almost sure sir.
 I see. So, Mr. Nelson, you claim you have plenty of glue.
 Yes, sir.
 Now, would you please tell me how many pots?
 Why, we have somewhere between--
 Well, I know we have plenty, Mr. Bradley.
 But I see.
 Mr. Nelson, when the school board asked me how many students
 we had registered in Central Hyde, do you think I replied plenty?
 No, sir.
 No, sir.
 I replied.
 I replied.
 I told them how many we had.
 Yes sir.
 It appears to me, Mr. Nelson, that it must be quite difficult for you to teach manual
 training with only vague ideas to the amount of your supplies.
 Yes sir.
 You admit it's difficult.
 Why, it isn't exactly that easy.
 That would be easier if you knew what you had in the store room.
 Oh yes, yes sir, Mr. Bradley.
 Much easier.
 And then I'm sure you'll agree with me that you ought to take a complete inventory of
 your manual training room supplies.
 Yes sir.
 Very well.
 Right after your last class this afternoon, Mr. Nelson,
 and I got all the figures on my desk by five o'clock.
 This afternoon, Mr. Bradley?
 I mean, you don't need tomorrow afternoon.
 I mean, this afternoon?
 Oh.
 That will be all, Mr. Nelson.
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 And, well, thank you, sir.
 We have to keep our finger on everybody's pulse, you know.
 Yes, sir.
 I know.
 Here I am, Mr. Nelson.
 I'm still waiting.
 Waiting for what?
 Waiting for your answer to my proposition.
 You know about my helping you whenever you need help.
 Oh yes, Henry, I remember.
 Please report to the storeroom at 3.30 this afternoon.
 - This afternoon? - Oh, we're going to take inventory.
 And since it may take three or four hours, you better get some sandwiches from the cafeteria.
 Sandwiches, you mean we'll be that? But Mr. Nelson?
 That's all right, Henry, just charge them to me.
 But Mr. Nelson!
 Hey, Henry!
 - What, Homer? - He caught her.
 You caught who?
 Kathleen, like you just told me to. And I told you we're taking her out for a soda after the basketball game.
 Homer you didn't. And she was so excited she kissed me. Oh boy. So I flew in a movie. Oh boy.
 Now I don't have to tell you folks how good jello puddings are.
 Yes, jello, chocolate, butter, scotch, and vanilla puddings, a trio of treats,
 chock full of old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 And say, ever try chocolate peppermint pudding?
 Just prepare one package of smooth, velvety jello chocolate pudding as usual.
 While still warm, add crushed peppermint stick candy, let it chill,
 then top with whipped cream and sprigs of mint.
 Three jello puddings made with milk are nourishing, and they cook to perfection in just about
 five minutes.
 No wonder more people buy jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry's plans to take Kathleen to a basketball game this afternoon
 have been shattered by an after-school detention for Mr. Nelson.
 As a result of his efforts to avoid it,
 Henry and Mr. Nelson are now tied up for the whole afternoon taking inventory.
 The scene opens in Mr. Aldrich's office.
 It is later the same afternoon.
 Hello.
 Hello. Is that Mr. Aldrich?
 Yes. Is that you, Homer?
 Sure. Gee, how are you?
 Well, I'm fine.
 Mr. Aldrich, Henry wants to know if you'd mind having your secretary, Miss Thompson,
 run down here to school with your adding machine.
 Adding machine? What for?
 To speed things up. And while she's here, would you mind if Henry borrowed Miss Thompson?
 What's that?
 Then maybe he could polish this whole thing off in an hour and see the finish of the basketball game anyway.
 Well, what on earth are you talking about?
 an inventory, Mr. Allrich, in manual training.
 Henry's taking inventory?
 Yes, sir.
 But isn't that a teacher's job?
 Sure. Mr. Nelson's helping him.
 Yes, the word is Henry coming up.
 Why aren't some of the other teachers helping Mr. Nelson?
 Right. There don't seem to be any available.
 I think they're all going to the basketball game.
 Yeah?
 And not being that work off on the students?
 Oh, no.
 It's just that Mr. Nelson and Henry sort of felt Henry
 should help Mr. Nelson.
 Now just a minute, let's get to the bottom of this.
 The bottom? I think Henry would just assume you didn't.
 What's that?
 He just assumed you forgot the whole thing. Goodbye.
 Homer, wait! Homer, come back here!
 Can't you write all this down faster, Henry?
 Yes, Mr. Nelson.
 Fifty-three hacksaw blades.
 Fifty-three hacksaw blades.
 two kegs three inch nails two kegs three inch nail twenty six parts of glue
 gee we've got plenty of that have just put down twenty six yes sir
 now uh... twelve four to my hand saying twelve
 what's a maha
 gimme stain one case model soup what now wait a minute that belongs down in a
 domestic science gee look at the time mister nelson three forty
 who wants to basketball games opposed to start four o'clock
 oh boy
 gee
 g_ mister nelson do you mind if i ask you a personal question or what is it
 Frankly, do you think Charlie Clark is so handsome?
 Yeah, I suppose he is, to a girl.
 See, I hope not.
 You know who I'd really call handsome?
 That Mr. Prescott, for instance.
 That's got it.
 Let's get back to our inventory.
 She was at home, Mr. Nelson, would you mind if I stepped out of the store?
 I'm just a second and had a word with my friend.
 All right, but don't take more in a minute.
 I won't.
 Give me, I just found your father and it's no use.
 Why not?
 I started asking too many questions.
 Oh boy, then there's only one thing to do.
 Homer, you've got to take Kathleen to the basketball game for me.
 I do.
 Here are the tickets and here's the money for the sodas.
 And don't let her even talk to Charlie Clark.
 Okay, sure.
 It'll be a pleasure.
 And be sure she has a real good time, Homer.
 Oh boy.
 [laughter]
 I'll say I will.
 Hey, wait a minute.
 What do you mean by that?
 Oh boy.
 [laughter]
 And then I'll wait Homer, let's talk this over.
 Oh, Homer.
 Yes, Mr. Nelson.
 Will you drop this case as a motto soup off
 in domestic science on your way down?
 I'd be glad to, Mr. Nelson.
 Is it creamed or clear?
 Never mind, just get it down there right away.
 The Homer.
 Well, on hand, it's thanks for everything.
 The Homer, come back here.
 Something wrong, Henry?
 Mr. Nelson, did you see that look on Homer's face?
 What about it?
 She was, I'd be better off if she went to the game with Charlie.
 [Music]
 But home are the game stars in 10 minutes!
 No, do you mind if I set this case of soup down?
 Where's Henry? I've been waiting and waiting!
 That's what I want to talk to you about, Kathleen.
 Guess who you're going to the game with?
 Not Henry?
 No, he has to take inventory up in the store.
 Inventory?
 So guess who's taking you to the game?
 Not Charlie Clark.
 Guess again.
 Oh my god, who?
 Me.
 You?
 Sure.
 I'm going to the game with you.
 Sure.
 Right out in public?
 And I'm taking you off for a soda afterward.
 What do you say about that?
 Oh, I'm speechless.
 I thought you would be.
 And I must say you certainly have your nerd.
 Why?
 Sneaking around behind your best friend's back and trying to steal his girlfriend right
 from under his nose.
 But Kathleen, he gave you to me.
 Henry Aldrich would never do a thing like that to me.
 Kathleen, are you insulting me?
 Goodbye, Homer.
 Where are you going?
 I'm going up to the storeroom and help Henry take inventory.
 But Kathleen's students aren't allowed up there without permission.
 I'll get in somehow.
 Okay, Kathleen.
 That's your attitude.
 Where's my tomato soup?
 Right there.
 Okay, and see if I ever speak to you the one of you again.
 Homer, watch where you're going.
 Just where you ever want me to...
 Come and look up the day!
 What was that again, Mr. Aldridge?
 I just said, Mr. Bradley, that I don't want you to think of me as a complaining parent.
 Oh, no, no, of course not, Mr. Aldridge.
 Why, one of my greatest pleasures, his principal, is hearing from our parents.
 Well, that's fine, Mr. Bradley.
 Now, I realize it's a small thing, but my boy has his heart set on going to that basketball game this afternoon.
 Of course he has.
 And it seems to be just a bit unfair to force him to take an inventory just because all the teachers want to go to the game.
 Oh, is that what's happened, Mr. Aldridge?
 Didn't you know, Mr. Bradley?
 Oh, why?
 I assume you know what's going on in your own school.
 Well, I do, Mr. Aldridge. I do.
 I do. As a matter of fact, I was just about to clamp down on that very thing.
 I'm glad to hear it, Mr. Bradley.
 Mr. Bradley.
 Although I'm sure Mr. Aldrich, you'll agree with me.
 Our teachers ought to attend the school basketball game.
 Certainly, Mr. Bradley.
 Just as long as they don't neglect their own work and keep students from attending.
 They are entirely right, Mr. Aldrich.
 I'll look into Henry immediately. Thank you for calling.
 Thank you, Mr. Bradley. Goodbye.
 Goodbye, Mr. Aldrich. Let's hear from you again.
 Miss Say! Miss Say!
 Yes, Mr. Bradley!
 Miss Say! Have all the teachers go to the game this afternoon?
 Well, I'm not sure, Mr. Badman.
 No, not sure.
 Miss Shea, as my secretary, it seems to me
 you ought to know what's going on in this school.
 Yes, Mr. Badman.
 Didn't any of the teachers have papers to mark
 or lessons to prepare?
 Didn't any of them have detention?
 Well--
 Yes, Miss Shea.
 Well, Mr. Nelson is taking inventory.
 Inventory.
 Go up there and tell Henry Aldrich I
 want to see him immediately.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 This is Stillmas Trevor's classroom isn't it Mr. Nelson?
 Henry, I'm beginning to wonder.
 This is where Kathleen said to me,
 "She was, I wonder where they are."
 We're only a few minutes late.
 Henry, are you sure Mr. Bradley said to drop the inventory?
 Positive, Mr. Nelson.
 He was as nice as pie.
 That's strange.
 strange. He said to go to the game and to remember all the good plays so I could tell my father.
 Oh, there's Mr. Trevor now. And Kathleen too. Hi Kathleen, I'm glad to see you.
 Hello Henry. Listen, I'll speak to you alone for a minute.
 Well, of course. What if I'm afraid to do that?
 Boy Kathleen, let's get going to the game. I'm finally all straightened out.
 You are? Well look. For a while I was pretty worried Kathleen. I thought I'd never get to take you.
 Well everything's alright now, come on.
 But that's just it Henry. I can't go.
 You can't go. Why not?
 Henry, I was only on my way to help you with your inventory.
 Oh, Kathy.
 Who am I going to do, Mr. Bradley?
 You have to excuse Kathy.
 Henry, she has a two-hour detention this afternoon.
 A detention?
 Yes, here in Miss Trevor's room.
 Henry, what would you think of a young lady who climbs around on fire escapes?
 Fire escapes, Kathleen.
 Oh, Miss Trevor.
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 Miss sooner you'll begin your detention.
 The sooner you will be free to talk to Mr. Nelson.
 She was Kathleen.
 Gee, you mean I have to go to the basketball game with somebody like Homer?
 Homer, Cacko-Ezer.
 He can?
 He's down in the nurse's office there reviving him with tomato soup.
 [laughter]
 Sorry, I can't go to the game with you, Mr. Nelson.
 I'm sorry too, Mr. Trevor.
 Come along, Kathleen.
 Goodbye, Henry.
 Goodbye, Kathleen.
 [sighs]
 She was... I know exactly how you feel, Henry.
 Mr. Nelson.
 Yes, Henry?
 Mr. Nelson, how would you like to go to the basketball game with me?
 I'd be delighted, Henry. Let's go.
 [Music]
 Henry, are you still mad?
 Because Kathleen just happened to accidentally kiss me.
 Henry.
 Huh?
 Won't you even speak to me?
 Henry.
 Huh?
 Mr. Seymour.
 Ah, yes, Homer.
 Will you ask Henry why he won't shake hands with me and end this whole thing?
 A sure thing, but first let me tell the folks about the happiest ending a meal ever came to.
 Yep, it's jello. The luscious shimmering dessert everybody goes for,
 because you just can't beat jello for tempting fruit-like goodness.
 In any one of those six delicious flavors, strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, or lime.
 lime. Every jello flavor is a special treat in itself, rich with that famous
 locked-in goodness. Flavors sealed right in by a special process so it can't get
 out till your first delectable spoonful. And that's why jello is America's
 favorite gelatin dessert.
 Here's hoping you'll be in your living room and ours next week at the same time.
 Good night folks.
 The Aldrich family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer.
 It's written by Patricia Joudry and Del Dinsdale with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are House Jamison and Catherine Rod.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying,
 The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family.
 For dessert that are delicious,
 I believe me, you should know!
 They are made by famous J-E-L-L-O!
 Listen again next Thursday, same time, same station, to another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich family.
 This is NBC, the national broadcasting company.
 (piano music)
 (piano music)
 (bell ringing)
 [buzzing]
