 [Music]
 The month of April may bring its showers, but a little rain has never yet
 dampened the spirits of a teenage boy.
 And that's the reason it's fun to know a youngster like Henry
 Aldrich, or you can't stay down when a real American boy is bouncing around.
 Now the scene opens at the Aldrich breakfast table.
 Oh boy, mother, oh boy, wouldn't you say unlucky mother?
 Yes, dear, but will you please eat your cereal?
 Sure, but a G and a war with girls in this town.
 I'm the one she's chosen.
 Henry, may I have the cream, please?
 - McReeem. - Mother, wouldn't you say I'm sitting pretty?
 - What's that? - What, I just got more read.
 It's an invitation for dinner at her house tonight.
 - That's fine. Pass the cream. - Henry, you haven't even started your cereal.
 Mother, I don't want to get this letter, must stop.
 She would take a look at the stationery she used.
 - Yes, dear. - Mother, would you like to take a look at it?
 - I would like to have you pass me the cream. - She was having a...
 - Oh, boy. - Oh, boy.
 What's the matter?
 I haven't smelled it before.
 (audience laughing)
 Oh, Sam, where are you going?
 I'm going to take a walk down here and get the cream.
 Father, why don't you let me pass it to you?
 You just sit there and keep on smelling that letter.
 Now, Sam, don't tell him to smell when I've asked him to eat.
 Hey, Henry, where are you?
 (audience laughing)
 Oh, where did you come from?
 My house, where do you think?
 She whizzing me how to get that smudge on your face.
 What smudge?
 April Fool.
 (laughing)
 - First, if this April's for all stay,
 how many of the things would have happened?
 - Why so it is?
 - Hey, Mr. Oldrich.
 - Did you know you had a flat tire out in front?
 - That's fine.
 - Don't you believe me?
 - Homer, come here a second.
 Do you want to smell something?
 - No.
 - Go ahead, smell it.
 - Henry, it can't fool me with a thing like that.
 I know it's got pepper on it.
 - On this?
 Look, it's a letter from Loretta Darlington.
 - Yeah, April Fool.
 - You're crazy.
 - Henry, I'm sorry, but you will have to use one hand
 eat with regardless of how wonderful that letter is yes mother
 what surprised me more than anything why well
 for three weeks now I've been trying to get up enough cards to ask her to go to
 the dance Saturday night
 yesterday I did and what do you think she said why
 anyway will you please pass the code yes
 and then for right out of my queer story I get this Henry your father want
 something I'm going to answer the phone from me what is his father when you
 Please pass the redder. I never mind just skipping.
 Oh, here Homer, pass my father to the shelter.
 I don't want the sugar.
 You want the cream, Mr. Olver?
 I've had the cream.
 Could it be the butter father?
 It could not. I've forgotten what it is.
 Henry, could I have that piece of toast there?
 Sure. Homer, give that to me.
 Oh, sure, Mr. Olver, it's here.
 Oh, Murph, you and Henry are both wanted on the telephone.
 Yes, somebody wants us.
 Oh, for this? Who was it?
 Oh, I know is. It's the main office at the school.
 Miss Shea wants to speak with one of you.
 - Miss Shea.
 - Oh boy, Homer.
 - Oh boy.
 - Henry, hurry, right back.
 - What could a meteor suppose?
 - Well frankly, it could be one of two things.
 Here, Henry, you take the receiver.
 - Oh, here, I can't, I've got my mouth full.
 - Yeah, I've not, you haven't got a thing in there.
 - I have two.
 Hello.
 - Hello, is this Henry Aldrich?
 - Well, no, not exactly.
 This is, this is Homer Brown.
 - Oh, well you do just as well.
 I will.
 Oh.
 You mean we're expelled.
 What's that?
 You want you to help decorate the auditorium for the spring play.
 Oh boy, he does.
 Does want to.
 He also wanted me to ask you whether you have all your homework.
 Oh, yes, I've got it right here in my pocket.
 In fact, I've got it right here in my hand now.
 Well, you might just as well tear it up.
 tear it up okay
 for a photo look at me
 look what miss she says we can do it
 now listen and this is that you
 and miss do you realize what you've been to us
 how was that agnes
 yes and look at my homework
 oh boy that's a swell April fool Joe
 whatever what i've done what's the matter when you began cheering i began
 tearing too
 I wonder where Rudd is invitation at dinner tonight.
 She wish you can still go, can't you?
 Sure, naturally, but...
 Homer, we've got to get even with her.
 That's what I say.
 I'm going to call her up and tell her Mr. Bradley.
 Homer, that won't be any good.
 I've got a better idea. I can see the whole thing just as clear as that.
 Well, what is it? What is it?
 You know all those contest Agnes is always entering.
 Yeah.
 When we get to school, we'll tell one of the fellas that tells her she won $100.
 Sure, Henry. Sure. Only let's make it $500.
 Sure, and where we started the rush?
 We'll tell everybody.
 We'll tell everybody in this school.
 Have you heard? Have you heard about Admuth's love?
 Really? You mean to say she won all that money?
 Sure, let's go ask her about it.
 - Have you heard about Admuth's love? - Yeah, and can you beat it? I sit next to her in English.
 Hey, what's this? I hear about Admuth's.
 - Did she really want to contest? - Sure, she sure did.
 A little bit more than that crowd. Let's go tell her.
 I could throw someone all that money or crazy.
 I am not.
 I know somebody that says she knows somebody that heard it on the radio last night.
 Did you hear it?
 No, but it's all over the school, though.
 I know where there she is over there.
 Agnes, oh Agnes.
 There you are.
 We want to tell you something.
 Agnes, did you know you won $1,000 in a contest?
 You're crazy.
 You did too ask anybody in school, Agnes.
 You're crazy.
 I won 2,500.
 You did.
 You did?
 Sure I did.
 Imagine.
 Who are you? What do you know about that?
 I can hardly believe it.
 Well, I did, Homer Brown, and don't try to make out it couldn't be possible.
 I know, Agnes, but $2,500?
 That much never occurred to me.
 Well, I did.
 And if you don't believe me, you can ask anybody here on the campus.
 Oh, Agnes, we're not trying to make you out of a liar only.
 What kind test was it?
 How should I know?
 I enter one every time I pick up a new magazine.
 Hello, Agnes. I came over to tell you how proud I am to know you.
 Yes, Agnes, you're really smart.
 You know what I think I'll do, fellas?
 I think I'll take the whole gang over to the soda fountain
 and treat them after school.
 You're really well?
 Sure.
 Homer, could you let me borrow a dollar
 until I get my prize?
 What's that?
 I'll tell you, Agnes, I've got to go,
 or I'll be late to class.
 Yes.
 Same here as the buy-edge.
 Agnes, are you sure the whole thing isn't an April fool joke?
 Listen, I don't think I know one of those when I see one.
 Didn't I tell you what I did to Henry?
 No.
 I wrote him a note masking to come to Loretta Darlingsons for dinner tonight.
 Really? Sure, I even signed Loretta's name to it.
 Boy, do I love April fool jokes!
 [MUSIC]
 You have some more potatoes, Sam?
 No, thank you, Alice.
 Henry, can I give you anything?
 Mmm, oh, thank you. I'll just sit here and watch you week.
 I'm sorry dear that we're having such a good dinner on the evening you're invited over to Loretta.
 Well that's alright mother, we'll probably have a swelled dinner over there too.
 Oh we did, I did horror and I played the darndest April Fool joke today.
 Oh yes, may I have the biscuits please?
 Here you are.
 It's the best April Fool joke ever for her.
 Henry are you quite sure you shouldn't be starting for Loretta?
 Mother I've got loads of time.
 Look here's part of her invitation right here she says,
 we won't be eating tonight until 830.
 Be sure to come good and hungry.
 Well.
 Henry, will you please answer that?
 They will you are Henry, all answered.
 I'm expecting a call.
 Mother, what are you and father having for the dirt?
 Hello, this is Sam Otter speaking.
 Mr. Otter, just Mr. Lawson.
 Who?
 I think it's Lawson's father.
 Oh, yes, yes.
 Hello.
 Say, yes, Sam, I don't know if you heard about her or not,
 but the Lawson family seems to have struck oil.
 What's that?
 You mean you haven't heard about it?
 No, not a word.
 Well, don't you listen to the radio?
 No, not if I can help it.
 Well, Sam, I don't know why we weren't listening last night or so.
 The wind is dead, Agnes won the grand prize.
 - You don't say so. - Now, Sam won't ask your advice about something.
 Agnes says she's been reading the rules and she's under the impression that the winner must appear in New York for the check.
 Yes, that sounds reasonable.
 - That's exactly what I was thinking.
 Only Agnes can't possibly make a trip to New York by herself, and Mrs. Wilson, I can't get away.
 And what I was wondering was,
 uh, can you glupland represent us with a power of attorney?
 Why, when would I have to leave?
 Tomorrow.
 We've set a telegram for instructions,
 and I imagine they'll say they want us to come right onto the door.
 Tomorrow, the only thing is...
 You're glad to pay your expenses, Sam,
 and make it right with you and the burgundy?
 Why, you pay my expenses, and that's all I ask for.
 Any young lady that's smart enough to go out and win a contest
 deserves everything she can get out of it.
 Can you move?
 I think I gotta arrange things.
 As a matter of fact, I'd like a trip to New York.
 That's fine. Fine. Now I won't have to worry.
 No, don't you worry about a thing.
 No, just one more thing before you hang up.
 If you don't mind keeping this confidential because we heard it was 2,500.
 And practice feels it's 35.
 And then we've heard from another source that it might be even more.
 Oh, you don't say so.
 And naturally, until we know just how we really do stand, we don't want to go around talking too much.
 I see your poise.
 You're getting cold.
 I've got something to tell her you won't believe.
 - What's the matter? - It's the loss that just fo' me.
 - Yeah. - And it looks as though I'll have to leave for New York tomorrow.
 - On this short notice, Sam. - I'm gonna arrange it, I think.
 - How do you want me to tell you what I was going to?
 - No, Henry, not now.
 But Mother was the best April Fool joke you ever heard of.
 - Henry, will you please go back into the dining room while I finish telling your mother something?
 - But Father, I'm not eating any dinner.
 - All right, go in there and look at mine.
 - And any rate, get out of here. - Yes, Father, I'll go.
 Only I thought you'd like to know about the joke over an eye.
 As though an ape of food joke were important at a time like this.
 Alice, you won't believe it, but here's what happened.
 Well, sir, I may have seen bigger stakes than juicier stakes, but I don't remember where.
 And we can all thank Agnes for having you.
 Thank you, Mother.
 Did you really use up all the operations coupons to get this dinner?
 Yes, dear.
 Ed, you aren't cutting those slices a little bit thick, are you?
 Gertrude, are you forgetting what has happened to the Lawson family?
 Why don't we have any bigger plates in these?
 Oh, Ed, I'm glad you brought that up.
 I'm going downtown to my own by a whole new dinner set.
 Oh, Gertrude, we don't need to spend any money on dishes.
 Besides, I've got that money all planned out for Agnes.
 You have, Father?
 First thing I'm going to do is see whether I can get a priority to get a new car.
 For me?
 I guess you aren't old enough to drive a car, you know, you're not.
 Here, pass the stake to your mother.
 Yeah, but I don't care for any. I can't eat a thing.
 - What's the matter with you? - Not a thing.
 Only if I can't get a new dinner set out of this, why?
 All right, go ahead and get a dinner set.
 And Father, do you know what I want to get?
 First of all, a new evening dress.
 - I know what? - Without any shoulders, boy.
 Agnes, do you realize that I haven't finished telling your father
 but I'm going to do more?
 Well, folks, I've got that all attended too.
 You're interrupting your mother.
 Oh, excuse me, but I just wanted to tell you I resigned my job.
 You resigned, Ralph?
 Sure, I gave up my job Saturday night at the Havens drugstore.
 And my money?
 Well, you're my sister, aren't you?
 I'm gonna ask somebody to go to the dance Saturday night.
 How are you gonna pay for the tickets?
 Listen, Agnes, don't be so selfish.
 - Hey, Ren. - Yes, Bob?
 I thought you were coming down here
 so I could have a talk with you.
 Just one more minute, Father.
 What's the matter with the boy?
 Sammy's upstairs changing his tie.
 Again? That's the third time he's changed it this evening.
 Dear, he's going over to Loretta Dallington in just a few minutes.
 Yes, Father, is there something you want us?
 There is.
 Henry, your father's just been talking with me and he has a grand idea.
 He has? Yes, dear, and I'm going to let him tell you about it.
 Yes, Father.
 Henry, it's been a long time since you and I have done anything together, hasn't it?
 Well, we had a milkshake together last week.
 Yes, but Henry, how would you like to make a trip to New York with me?
 To New York, Father?
 Yes, you and I get on the train tomorrow and we'll go on a real binge for the weekend.
 To New York?
 But how about my school tomorrow afternoon?
 I can get you out of it, I think.
 Oh boy, oh boy, and you're asking me whether I want to go?
 I thought you'd like it.
 Oh, wait, how about the rent? I asked her to go to the desk.
 How do you know?
 I don't think she'd want to stand in the way of your going to New York, would she?
 She was after all. She's having me for dinner tonight. So that will make it as though I weren't going to see her at all.
 Yes, Mother.
 Home is on the phone.
 He is?
 Father, will you excuse me while I speak to him, please? And thank you very much for telling me.
 Hello?
 Hey, Henry, when do you hear what happened to me?
 Do you or when do you hear about me?
 Henry, I got a job at the Havens Drugstore for Saturday night.
 You did?
 Sure, the guy that was working there just quit on the moon.
 What?
 Or where do you hear what happened to me?
 Why?
 I tell you my father and I are going in the yard.
 You are?
 Yeah, we're going on a blowout.
 Do you know how high the Empire State Building is?
 Sure, 75 stories.
 You're crazy, more 75 stories.
 It's around 250.
 And I'm going all the way to the top.
 Sure, you may not couple of guys at the bank of the top.
 But, but, are you ever eating an automatic restaurant?
 All you do is put in a nickel and boy things come right out at you.
 Your father wants to speak to you. He does mother poor goodbye and I send you post call
 Yes, father
 Henry I've got to make the Pullman reservations right away
 Are you quite sure it'll be all right for you to break your date with this Loretta of what's her name?
 Sure father. She won't mind standing staying home. She's a very good sport. You're quite sure sure
 Hello
 Elle 991
 Yes, please gee father did Homer turn green when I told him about New York City
 Boy poor kid back here in center real whether
 Didn't you recognize my voice this is angry?
 Yes, I'm sorry to bother you right this minute Loretta, but my father just asked me to go up in the Empire State Building with them
 We're going in the York
 Yes tomorrow and and I was just wondering whether it would be alright if I couldn't take it in a dance out of me now
 Well Henry is a matter of fact it works out fine because somebody just told me a few minutes ago and asked me to go with him
 Oh somebody did
 A friend of mine is just coming into a lot of money. Oh, I hope you have a nice time in New York Henry
 Thanks Loretta, and I'll be over in just a couple of minutes
 What's that?
 Boy in a my star. Goodbye
 [Music]
 Agnes Lawson, the son of April Fool, led her to Henry, inviting him to dinner tonight
 at Loretta Darlington's.
 Henry and Homer, in order to keep April Fool's Day
 from being a total loss, have led Agnes
 to believe that she's the winner of a radio contest.
 The scene opens in Loretta Darlington's home.
 The time is around 9.15.
 - Mark.
 - Oh, Mrs. Darlington, yes, Henry.
 Nothing.
 I'm sorry Loretta isn't here right this minute, Henry.
 She said she was going to step out,
 and she told me where she was going,
 but I didn't pay any attention.
 Well, that's alright, Mr. Tarleton, that's alright.
 I've just just so set here.
 If you have any work to do in the kitchen,
 you go right ahead with it.
 You're not keeping me from one thing, Henry.
 I'm not.
 Won't you have another piece of candy?
 I don't mind if I do.
 Just a moment while I take this next layer of paper out,
 I didn't realize we'd eaten practically half a buck.
 It's very good candy.
 Is it your favorite kind?
 I like any kind and you don't have to worry it.
 Never spoil my appetite.
 Good. Tell me, did you have any April Fool jokes played on you today?
 No, I got by this year of what you might call a clean slate.
 My goodness. Did I tell you what Agnes did to Loretta?
 No ma'am. Mrs. Darlington, Loretta went out that she say about how long she'd be gone.
 No, I don't think she did.
 Well, where's Mr. Darlington? I haven't seen him since I got here.
 He went to a lodge meeting.
 Oh, he did? Is he having dinner there?
 Oh, my. No, he grabbed a bite before he left.
 Oh.
 Too bad he couldn't wait.
 Well, as I started to tell you, Henry, Agnes Lawson has played more jokes today.
 Do you know what she did this morning?
 What?
 She didn't say one word to Loretta about it, but she wrote a note to Loretta's father and asked him whether she could have a dollar and sign Loretta's name.
 And Mr. Darlington never knew the difference and gave Loretta a dollar.
 He did.
 Yes.
 And Agnes not only made her handwriting look exactly like Loretta's,
 But where she ever got Loretta's scented stationary, I never will know.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Agnes did that?
 Yes.
 Wasn't that a good one?
 Oh.
 Mrs. Darlington, would you tell me something frankly?
 Yes.
 About how many meals have you had here so far today?
 Why three?
 Why do you ask?
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Well, oh.
 Oh, so Agnes did a thing like that to Loretta.
 My there.
 Loretta, come in here.
 Mother, who's had it out there in the hall?
 Oh, hello, Henry.
 Oh, my goodness, I've been over to the Lawson's and more things have happened to them.
 What, for instance?
 They're so rich, Mother, they're practically rolling in money.
 Mrs. Lawson put in a long distance call all the way to San Francisco just to tell all Mrs. Lawson about it.
 About what? The $3,500 they want.
 Haven't you heard, Henry?
 - You heard Henry?
 - I read her, Agniston,
 - She didn't want any money.
 - Why Henry, she did too.
 - She was, she couldn't have the whole thing
 with an April 4th show.
 - Why Henry, it couldn't have been.
 - What I'm telling you, home of mine,
 we made the whole thing up.
 - If you ask me, Henry,
 all of which I don't like your attitude.
 - Well, I know right, I'll show you.
 - As a matter of fact,
 Henry, if you're going to contradict me like that,
 I'm glad I'm not going to the dance with you.
 - And as a matter of fact,
 I'm glad I'm going to San Francisco.
 - In New York.
 - Good bye.
 - Henry, all of which I think you're insane.
 What do you mean by a statement like that?
 When Mr. Lawson told me himself that your own father is going to New York to collect the money for Agnes.
 My father? Yes, your father.
 That's why he's going there.
 And I...that was some more, Rhett. She whiz.
 But Agnes, you didn't, you couldn't possibly have.
 Henry, I suppose you think I don't know an April Fool's joke when I see one.
 But I'm not kidding you, you didn't want it.
 Wait a second, Henry. Let me explain it to her.
 Agnes, Henry and I just made the whole thing up.
 By Homer Brown, and I suppose you made up the fact that I entered that contest.
 You may have entered it, but you didn't want it.
 Now, Henry, for the last time, I'm not going to be April Fool.
 You're just trying to get back at me for writing that letter to you from Loretta.
 What letter, Henry?
 Never mind Homer, let's just take one thing at a time.
 (audience laughs)
 Now listen Agnes.
 I'm not gonna listen to one thing you say of all of Just Peep.
 What Agnes?
 What's all this known as in here?
 Oh, she was who almost did what was in here?
 That's the trouble.
 Mr. Lawson, there's something we feel we ought to tell you.
 Well...
 Agnes thinks she won a lot of money, see?
 Yes.
 And she won't believe she didn't.
 Oh, why shouldn't she believe it?
 Mr. Lawson, I guess you didn't understand.
 Mrs. April, follow us, eh, see?
 I know, but I don't think you boys ought to try to pull a joke like this one.
 What's that?
 Pretty serious thing boys, when you deliberately tell somebody they didn't win a prize like $3,500 when it's common knowledge that they did.
 But she couldn't have an empty microphone.
 I won't tell your father about this, Henry, but you better be running along.
 Agnes has had a pretty big day, and for that matter, this whole family has. We're in no mood for jokes.
 You mean you don't believe us either?
 You boys, just forget it's April Fool's Day, and go home and get your schoolwork done.
 Mr. Lawson!
 I'll run along.
 Good night.
 She was at the fine thing.
 Henry, did we make this whole thing up?
 What did Agnes really win that prize?
 Listen, Horr, we've got to do something about this.
 May I...
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello?
 Mr. Lawson speaking.
 Oh, this is a telegram office.
 Yes?
 I got a telegram here for you.
 Oh, yes, yes. Is it from New York?
 Well, it has New York written at the top.
 There's something about it I want to explain to you,
 but I think I better read it to you first.
 All right.
 It says this is to inform you that Agnes Lawson did not win $3,500
 because she couldn't have.
 You want the victim of an April Fool joke.
 Oh.
 Oh, uh, they say anything else?
 Nope, that's all.
 Oh.
 And I think out of Tilly, Mr. Lawson, that telegram didn't really come over the wires.
 Henry Aldrich and Homer Brown dropped in here a few minutes ago and told me to phone it to you.
 Oh, you don't say so!
 Henry Aldrich and Homer Brown, eh?
 Henry, do you realize what a serious thing this is that you and Homer have done?
 Sending a telegram that wasn't even real.
 But Father, don't you boys like Agnes? I always suppose she was a pretty nice girl.
 She is, Mr. Aldrich, but she has in any sense of humor.
 That's the point. You think a thing like this is funny?
 No, Father, not me more. We don't.
 Do you think any family and their right mind would go ahead and make all the plans they have if they hadn't won the money?
 I'd have a good mind not to take you to New York.
 But Father, that's the point, don't you understand?
 Henry, for the last time, that's not full about this anymore.
 I've changed our plans and we're going tonight.
 My bag is right here and it's all packed.
 - What's wrong? - If you want to go with me,
 you have 10 minutes and wish to pack your thing.
 - You mean you're going now? - I ought to be on the way to the station right this minute.
 What's funny, you can't take that train.
 Even if you cut off my allowance for the next six months, you've got to listen to me.
 Well, you have another hamburger, Homer.
 Thanks.
 I don't mind if I do.
 Boy, am I hungry.
 Could I have the cats, please?
 Here.
 These hamburgers are best at rating my life, Henry.
 I'm glad you like the magnet.
 Would you like to have me put another nickel on the jukebox?
 Yes, I'd be swamped.
 Agnes, is your brother Ralph going back to work in the Havens drug store this Saturday
 night?
 Or is he gonna wait a week?
 No, he's going right back.
 Boy, is he mad at me?
 Why is he mad at you?
 I don't know. Nobody in my family speaking to me.
 It's the way it is in my family.
 Well, it doesn't matter if I...
 And you know, maybe it's just as well I didn't get it.
 Didn't get what?
 My evening dress without shoulders.
 I guess I'm just not the type.
 Boy, has this been a day?
 I'll say it has.
 Same here.
 Henry, you spilled some ketchup on your tie.
 - He was weird. - April Fool.
 Now it's an magnet. It's 12 o'clock, Henry, and you can't get back at me.
 Listen again next week, same time, same station,
 for another sparkling half hour with your favorite youngster,
 his family and his pals. The old rich family starring Ezra Stone is written by
 Clifford Goldsmith.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
