 [Music]
 And now the Jell-O family presents the Aldrich family.
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, mother.
 Yes, it's the Aldrich family based on characters
 originated by Clifford Goldsmith
 and starring Ezra Stoners Henry with Jackie Kelka's Homer.
 And yes, it's the Jell-O family with its three famous desserts.
 Jell-O in those sex-delicious flavors,
 Jell-O puttings without old-fashioned homemade flavors,
 and Jell-O tapioca puttings,
 a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 Everyone's a Jell-O good fellow, a very good Jell-O good fellow,
 So rich, so tempting and mellow
 J-E-L-L-O
 And now for the All-Rich family
 A boy is a boy, and that's all there is to it
 He gets into difficulty somehow and he gets out of them somehow
 But what happens in between is usually unforgettable.
 The scene opens at the telephone in the Aldrich Front Hall.
 It is early evening.
 You did, Homer. You really got them?
 I'll say I have them right here in my hand.
 Gee.
 And Charlie Clark didn't mind loaning them to you?
 No, I just had a promise we take good care of them.
 And boy, you should...
 Just a minute, Homer.
 Yes, mother?
 Where are you?
 Why, I'm just sort of on the phone.
 I'm up to the hang up and start your studying before we leave.
 Sure mother in just one second. Hello Homer.
 You should see the notes. There's everything important we learned all last month.
 Oh boy.
 Once we get these ten pages under our belt, we can write that French exam tomorrow blindfold.
 Well hang on to them Homer, I'll be right over.
 Okay you better hurry though. Charlie's going to the movie.
 You mean he has all his studying done?
 Yeah but you know Charlie. He's smart. Sure. But what else has he got?
 You're right Homer.
 And he has to have his notes back as soon as he gets out.
 Just a second, Homer. Yes, Father?
 Did you hear your mother tell you to get started on your homework?
 Yes, sir. The only thing is...
 Well, this fella Homer and I know is going to the movie scene.
 Henry, hang up right now. You're not going to the movies tonight.
 No, no, Father. It's only that we have to give something back to him. Very important.
 And you're not going to run any errands. Now, please put down that receiver.
 But, Father...
 Hey, Ray! Hello, Homer. Goodbye.
 What?
 I've got to explain something to my father. I'll call you back.
 Henry, you're not calling Homer back.
 You have a French examination tomorrow.
 And every night this week you thought up a different excuse to get out of studying.
 Sure, Father, I agree with you.
 And would you like to know why?
 Indeed I would.
 Because I've been saving all my strength up for tonight.
 Boy, I'm gonna roll up my sleeves and tighten my belt
 and digest the whole French language.
 That's fine. And would you please guess the word?
 The only thing is, Father, I know you'll think it sounds unreasonable,
 but I just have to go over to Homer's.
 And me, your mother and I are rushing off to a bridge game,
 and I have it much time.
 But I'd like to make one thing clear.
 Yes, Father.
 Just this.
 You are not under any circumstances to go anywhere near Homer's house this evening.
 But father...
 You will stay home by yourself and concentrate on your French.
 But father, won't you please let me explain something.
 Henry, let me explain something to you.
 Yes, sir.
 Son, I don't think you realize how important a solid foundation is.
 And sure, but...
 Now you take a bridge.
 A bridge?
 When someone builds a bridge, they hire the best engineers.
 They spend years on it.
 And when it's finished, it may be the best-looking bridge in the world.
 Gee!
 But suppose, Henry...
 Suppose that bridge has a weak foundation.
 A truck runs over it and where is it?
 In the water?
 The truck?
 Everything.
 And it's the same with life.
 You understand?
 I think so, Father.
 Fine.
 Now then, please get to work on your foundation.
 - You wouldn't but Father-- - I know more excuses.
 Oh, excuse me, Mary.
 It's certainly Father.
 Henry, did I hear Father say someone ran over someone on a bridge in a truck?
 - No, Mary. Gee, what-- - Was it anyone we know?
 It wasn't anybody, Mary.
 And listen, would you be willing to speak to Father for me?
 - What about? - He just misunderstood the whole thing.
 All I want to do is go over to Homer's house because Charlie Clark has these notes saying he's going to the movies.
 - Oh, Larry? - No, Charlie, so would you please, Mary?
 - Certainly, Father. - Yes, Father.
 Henry wants to know if he can go to the movies with Charlie Clark.
 - What? - No, Mary, no.
 She was, can't you understand French? I didn't mean English.
 - Hey, man, come in here. - Now look what you've done, Mary.
 - Oh, my goodness, that's the last favor I'll ever do for you.
 - Now, if I can just stay here, let me speak to Henry.
 Mother, can I please explain something to you?
 Certainly, dear.
 Well, you see, it's like this.
 Henry, your father and I would love to let you go to the movies tonight, but...
 Mother, you don't understand. I don't want to go to the movies.
 You don't?
 No, gee whiz. Movies are the farthest thing from my mind.
 All I want to do tonight is study.
 Really?
 Over at Homer's house.
 Well, then, what's everybody so excited about?
 Sam, all he wants to do is go over to the Browns along with us.
 Alice Henry is not going over to Homer.
 Henry, you are not going over to Homer's.
 For mother!
 Dear your father and I both feel that tonight you should study at home.
 For mother, you don't understand!
 Are we going to be late?
 I'm coming, Sam and Henry.
 Yes, mother.
 If you work real hard and pass that French exam,
 you can go to the movies tomorrow night.
 Let me help with the table cover well.
 It's all set, Sam, and have I been looking forward to tonight?
 We haven't played bridge for a whole week.
 Alice, you and I can start shopping the cards.
 All right.
 And I was saying, well, it's all a matter of discipline.
 Shuffling cards, raising a son.
 Oh.
 Yeah, you're right, Sam.
 It's quite a job.
 Who deals?
 And now, Sam, let's not talk about Henry.
 I feel badly enough about the whole thing already.
 What happened, Dallas?
 Honestly, Elizabeth, I wish you could have seen Henry's face when we lived.
 Henry's face?
 What about it?
 He was salting because I made him stay home and study.
 First he wanted to go to the movies.
 Then he had to give Charlie Clark something.
 Anything to get out of the house.
 Well, I'll tell you frankly, Sam,
 when Homer wants to get out of the house,
 I'm inclined to let him go.
 It will even go so far as to encourage him.
 Isn't that nice?
 You mean you encourage him to neglect his studies?
 Nobody has to do that.
 Who steals it?
 Although, will I wish you'd made him stay home tonight?
 Oh?
 Homer's gone out?
 Yes.
 Homer, hit me, phoned him before you got get out of his hand.
 Henry phoned him.
 Whose deal is it?
 Yes, and then homophoned the Beijou Theatre to find out what time the picture.
 Picture?
 Alice, did you hear that?
 Sam, I'm sure there must be some mistakes.
 Who deals?
 Will do you realize those boys are off to a movie when they should be studying?
 And after I expressly forbid Henry...
 Relax, Sam. What harm can they do?
 Who deals?
 Well, you don't understand unless we do something about this right now.
 Sam, you can't possibly do anything tonight.
 Oh, yes, I can.
 Come here, please sit down and play a break.
 Whose deal is it?
 Will, get your coat off.
 What?
 You and I are going down to the V-U Theater and catch Henry and Homer red-handed.
 [MUSIC]
 Just sweet, just sweet to A.
 Hey Henry.
 We Homer?
 Hey me and Apple, what are you?
 Now listen Homer, I thought we decided to speak nothing but French while we're studying.
 No, but well, don't anymore.
 Un...
 Un...
 Conde-terre.
 A potato?
 No.
 What is French for Apple?
 Apple?
 I don't remember.
 How about banana?
 Uh, let me see.
 Well, J.F.M.
 hand me something out of that bowl.
 Here's an RN.
 Thanks.
 I'm in their seat.
 And listen, Homer, let's stop fooling around with our stomachs and get to work.
 Charlie's movie gets out at 10 o'clock.
 We only have an hour and a half.
 Tarn it all. Now I have to waste time answering the phone.
 Why not answering French and kill two birds with one spell?
 That's an idea.
 Bonsoir?
 What's that?
 Cascassette Cabo Dazerie?
 I'm sorry, I must have the wrong number.
 Hey, is that... Hello?
 Hey Homer, that was my father.
 He was. Does he want me to go home?
 I don't know. He hung up.
 You mean he's still mad at you?
 Listen Mary, I'm not speaking to you. Besides, we've got a lot of studying to do.
 You know Henry, if we got notes like these off Charlie years ago, today you'd be in Princeton and I'd be in Spartan Tech.
 Henry, he's down at the Beazew Theatre with Mr. Brown.
 Mr. Brown, that's my father.
 Mary, you're crazy. They're playing bread.
 No, they are Henry. I just passed them at the Beazew and they said they were waiting for you and Homer.
 You mean that's why he phoned?
 Oh, I know Henry, is that they're expecting you?
 Gee, that's funny.
 Homer, maybe we'd better dash right down there and see what they want.
 We only have an hour and a half left to study.
 And my brain's just limbering up.
 We can take our notes along with us and study on the way.
 But Henry, it's snowing, and I promise, Charlie,
 we wouldn't let them get down.
 Well, look, we can put them back in this comic book
 so they won't get all away.
 Let him know.
 Homer, come on.
 My father wants to see me down at the Beijou Theater.
 Sure.
 And after all the trouble I've had this week,
 I'm playing it safe from now on.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (music)
 Any luck, Mr. Allridge?
 I've afraid not, Mr. Harris.
 We've been up and down your aisle twice, and there's no sign of the boys.
 I told you I didn't remember selling them a ticket.
 Sam, let's get back to our bridge game.
 Hey, look, Mr. Harris, you wouldn't consider putting the house lights on for a minute, would you?
 But, Sam, how could we look at the picture?
 Well, we're looking for the boy.
 Oh, Mr. Harris?
 Yes, sir?
 -Loj, Ockle. -Oh, it's you.
 Yes, sir.
 If you gentlemen will excuse me...
 Certainly.
 Now, look.
 I'm not interested in a demonstration.
 Come on, Will.
 Mr. Harris, won't you see what the...
 Thanks for your help, Mr. Harris.
 Okay, Sam, let's go.
 Let's go where?
 Back home and play bridge.
 We'll be going to wait outside the theater here until Henry and Homer show up.
 But, Sam, they won't show up.
 I think they will.
 Aren't there times when you know exactly what's going on in your son's mind?
 There are times when I'm sure something's going on.
 If we let them get away with this, do you realize where it'll lead?
 Well...
 Boy grows up and gets a job in the first thing you do.
 Where to lead?
 Well...
 Boy grows up and gets a job and the first thing you know, he's bucking out and going to a movie.
 Yeah?
 And the next thing you know is fire.
 With a wife and children to support, he's in the bread line.
 Sam, that's terrible.
 Wait till I get my hands on Homer.
 I'm sorry, I just don't have the time.
 But Mr. Harris, I have a wife and children to support.
 As a good example, will it what I mean?
 Yeah?
 I think you'll find that that chap didn't worry enough about his foundation.
 Is what?
 Foundation will.
 What good is a bridge without one?
 You're right, Sam. Let's go home and play bridge.
 Well, here they come. What did I tell you?
 Well, I'll be done. And buried in a comic book.
 Henry! Hello, Father. Hi, Father.
 Well, Henry. Well, home up. Father, could you tell me what it is you wanted?
 We're kind in a hurry. You kids are pretty cool, aren't you?
 Well, it's snowing, Father. I don't suppose you recall that you're supposed to be at home studying.
 Oh, we've been studying, Father. We've been studying all the way down here.
 Sure, you see this Kermit book?
 I see it. Let me have it, please.
 Father, wait.
 Let me have it.
 Thank you.
 But we have to give that back to Charlie.
 He's right here in the movie, see?
 Homer, that's a pretty poor excuse.
 Why?
 Henry, I don't want to attract attention by dealing with you now.
 Dealing with me, Father, in one way?
 I'll attend to the matter tomorrow morning.
 Father, what have I done now?
 There's a streetcar stopping over there.
 I want to see you get on it.
 Father, listen, we've got to have that Kermit book.
 Homer, get on that streetcar and go home with Henry
 and finish your studying.
 But Father, what about Charlie?
 Henry!
 Come on, huh?
 But she wish him what about our nose?
 Well, that wasn't the pleasant thing to do, Will, but some day those boys will thank us for it.
 Mary, speak louder, I can't hear you.
 You don't say.
 You don't say, Mary.
 You don't say.
 Here's your father now. You tell the boys to come over here to the Browns and not to worry about a thing.
 Come on, Sam. On with the bridge.
 Goodbye, dear.
 Well, Alice, I was right.
 Oh, you were, Sam?
 I sure have to hand it to Sam. He certainly understands boys.
 Well, I work hard at trying to understand them, Will.
 Well, Sam, you have to work a little harder in the future.
 What's that?
 It so happens that Mary just phoned me and said, "Henry and Homer have practically gone to pieces over what you did to them."
 But all we did...
 All you did was take their French notes away from them.
 Alice, all we took from them was a comic book.
 Sam, they were studying their notes.
 At the movies?
 Mary told them you wanted to see them down there.
 No, Alice, I've heard a lot of stories, but I hope you don't believe that one.
 Sam, the boys had their French notes inside that comic book.
 And now they have to return them to Charlie Clark.
 What's that? What did you say?
 Sam, I told you not to toss that comic book into the trash bin.
 No, wait.
 The trash bin? Sam, all right.
 [Music]
 Here, Homer, head to the glass of ginger ale.
 She thinks.
 The only thing is Homer, what time is it?
 And now, Henry, you just have another cookie and stop worrying.
 But Mother Charlie will be getting out of that movie any minute now.
 And I promised him this notes back.
 I'm sure your father will be right back with him.
 Oh, excuse me while I answer the phone.
 Listen, Homer, while we're waiting, why don't we go over a few verbs?
 You know verbally sure why not oh, that's a wonderful idea and mother would you please help us over a hump?
 Certainly what is it you want to know Henry the first person plural future tense of the verb to be to be what there?
 Just you know
 to be
 Etra sure oh
 That that's French isn't it there sure yes, I was pretty sure it was French
 Well, let's see now. First person plural, future thing.
 Boys, wouldn't it do you more good if you figured it out yourself?
 [Laughter]
 We don't remember!
 Alice, guess who that was on the phone?
 Sam and Will.
 And boys, I'm afraid they're going to be a little delayed.
 Delayed?
 Elizabeth, what happened?
 Well, they got down to the Beijou Theater and it seemed the cracks been, had been emptied.
 And empty?
 But they said you haven't any worry about boys.
 They're going to keep right on looking.
 Oh boy!
 (music)
 (applause)
 And now while Henry's waiting, it's a good time to listen to Meredith Wilson and his talking people.
 Hey! It's intermission!
 Intermission!
 Okay, everybody knows it's intermission.
 How do they know?
 Because you're not Homer and I'm not Henry.
 Henry.
 Well you certainly have Mrs. Aldrin.
 Oh my God.
 Mead Diamere's your chance to shimmer.
 Mike Dello, America's favorite gelatin dessert?
 Yes sir.
 In all six delicious flavors?
 In all six delicious locked in flavors.
 It would be a pleasure.
 Starting with strawberry, we we we we.
 Transparent, cherry, we we we.
 Orange, lemon, lemon, lemon, lemon.
 Jake, eat, oh, oh.
 Oh, there's a big red letter that's spelled jello.
 and jello smells a treat. It sure does because that rich fruit-like flavor is
 locked right in there by a special process so it can't get up to your first
 electable spoonful. Delectable. And the whole jello family is delectable. For ease
 and speed and variety, get the jello family. Don't say dessert say jello.
 Jello puddings. Don't say dessert say jello. Jello tappy oka puddings. Yup, the
 a jello family of desserts if you don't want to say it sing it
 j-e-t-o-kout
 oooooooh
 and now back to the Aldrich family
 yes getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich
 in his effort to discipline his son mister Aldrich has inadvertently lost the
 french notes he ordered Henry to study
 notes which the boys promised to return to charlie clark
 The scene opens in the brown's front hall.
 It is later that evening.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is that Mr. Prescott?
 Who teaches French at Central High?
 That's right.
 Who's this?
 Well, Mr. Prescott, this is Mrs. Oldridge.
 Henry's mother?
 Henry.
 Henry Oldridge.
 The nice-looking boy with the colleague.
 He's in my French class?
 Yes, and frankly, he's having quite a bit of trouble.
 Trouble?
 Oh, yes, I know the boy.
 You see, he started in studying his French this evening, and he was buckling right down
 and taking a real interest in it. You don't say. Yes. And this gives me did you say Henry
 Aldrich? Yes, that's right. He's taken an interest in French. Yes, of course. How did
 that happen? What's that? Is this Mr. James Prescott?
 Ouch! Well, what you mind looking where you're going?
 But the snow's blinding me! I can't see a thing!
 Where are we anyway?
 Somewhere behind the visual theater.
 Sam, are you sure this is where Mr. Harris dumps his waste paper?
 Frankly, I'm not sure of anything.
 Sam, the whole thing is hopeless.
 How are we going to find a comic book out here in the dark with all this snow?
 We'll just have to keep looking.
 But we'll be here all night!
 You know, Sam, if we stayed home and played bridge in the first place, none of this would have happened.
 Now, we'll...
 Whoop!
 I'm sorry, Sam. I guess I stepped on you again.
 No, you didn't. I stepped on something.
 Hey, let me have that flashlight.
 Here. Sam, look.
 We'll get your foot out of that bucket.
 The only thing is, I can't get it out.
 All right, Will, let's not lose our heads.
 Out in. Lift your foot. Lift it so I can get hold of the bucket.
 All right, Tom. Race yourself. Take it easy, Sam.
 He will stop dancing around.
 Now then, now pull! Pull yourself!
 Is it starting to give?
 No! Not yet!
 Sam, where are you?
 Sam, where'd you disappear to?
 Sam!
 Homer, isn't that the fastest you can walk in?
 - You can warm up.
 - But look, and hold your head back
 so you let the snow blow right into your face.
 - Homer.
 - Better still open your mouth.
 - Homer, can't you keep your mind on your foundation
 for five seconds?
 - It's on my wife.
 - Look, suppose you're building a bridge, son.
 - And I'm not going in for building bridges
 on a night like this.
 - Just suppose you were a Homer,
 and you had a weak foundation,
 and then a truck runs over you, and where are you?
 - Where?
 - Flowing around the water with a whole bridge
 on top of you.
 - And do you feel all right?
 Hey, this is Mr. Prescott's house, isn't it?
 Let's see.
 97, yeah, this is it.
 Henry, you're sure your mother knows what she's talking about?
 Sure, Homer.
 Mr. Prescott said all we had to do was come over here,
 and he'd loan us a whole set of French notes.
 Boy.
 They'll be much better than Charlie's notes, Homer.
 I think they're Mr. Prescott's own personal ones.
 Boy, imagine.
 Straight from the horses now.
 And all we had to do is make one copy for us
 and one for Charlie.
 And ring the doorbell.
 Sure.
 and Homer don't forget to take your hat off when we get in the hall.
 I'm not wearing a hat.
 Then brushless snow off your hair.
 Well, good evening Henry, Homer.
 Good evening Mr. Prescott.
 Good evening Mr. Prescott.
 I've been expecting you.
 Come in.
 Thank you Mr. Prescott.
 Thank you Mr. Prescott.
 Henry, if I got it all off my hair.
 I mean the snow.
 Sure Homer, come on.
 Well boys, I want to tell you that I got one of the most pleasant surprises of my life this evening.
 Uh-huh.
 Let me have your coat Henry.
 I know, but...
 Thanks, I'll hang it up here.
 Yes, sir, Henry, when your mother told me how seriously you were taking your French lessons,
 I said to myself, "Presscott, you were all wrong about those boys."
 Gee!
 And Gee!
 Now your coat, Aunt Homer.
 Well, the only thing is, we're sort of in a hurry.
 Homer, Mr. Prescott wants your coat.
 Oh, oh, my coat.
 There, right.
 Now, come on into the living room, boys.
 I'll have the French notes for you any minute now.
 Any minute?
 Here, sit down.
 Well, thank you.
 You see, I loan my notes to another student, Charlie Clark.
 Charlie Clark!
 Yes, and he promised faithfully.
 Have them back to me by ten o'clock.
 Oh boy.
 Oh boy.
 What he phoned only a few minutes ago to say he'd been slightly delayed.
 Oh, Henry.
 Oh, is anything wrong?
 Wrong.
 Oh no, did he yes and no!
 I want you boys to take good care of those notes.
 They're a rather valuable set.
 Mr. Prescott.
 Yes, Homer?
 That is...
 See this is a nice place you've got here.
 Thanks. See, while we're waiting, could I offer you boys a glass of ginger ale?
 Ginger ale? No thanks.
 We couldn't drink a drop of anything.
 Mr. Harris, are you sure Henry and Homer didn't show up?
 Positive, Charlie.
 Oh, but she is after ten o'clock and boy.
 Boy, what am I gonna do? I promise Mr. Prescott...
 Well, if you want to wait around another five minutes, Charlie, here's something you might like to read.
 What?
 This comic book.
 Adam, smash your comics.
 I fished it out of the trash bin there earlier this evening.
 Here.
 No thanks, Mr. Harris. I've read it.
 Oh, Mr. Harris.
 Oh, no, not again.
 Look, Mr. Harris, let's be reasonable, huh?
 You aren't busy this time of night.
 Look, what is it you're trying to sell me?
 It's one of our new machines, sir.
 And if I could just give you a quick demonstration.
 All right. All right.
 Where is all in my car? I'll be right back.
 Say Mr. Harris.
 Yes, Charlie.
 If you see, Henry or Homer, will you tell him to phone me?
 OK, Charlie.
 It's a matter of life and death.
 Excuse me, Sonny.
 I'm sorry, Mr. Harris.
 Now then, Mr. Harris, you see this?
 Well, it looks just like an ordinary vacuum cleaner to me.
 That's where you're wrong.
 This is a special vacuum cleaner special for theaters.
 You don't say?
 Yes, sir.
 Now, if we can just find some old scrap paper
 or anything I can demonstrate with,
 oh, how about that Adam Smasher comic book?
 Yeah, thank you.
 Well, what are you going to do with it?
 I'm going to tear it into bits into tiny bits.
 And then we'll scatter the pieces all around like this.
 Quite a mess, isn't it?
 It sure is.
 And then we'll tear up a few of those chocolate bar apples.
 Mm, chocolate drip into tiny little pieces.
 Now take it easy.
 If anybody comes out of the theater and sees this mess--
 Oh, Mr. Harris!
 Mr. Eldridge, what happened to you?
 You were all wet.
 Frankly, I'm ashamed to tell you.
 He fell into a snow drift.
 Now, if you gentlemen would like to watch it--
 Mr. Harris, did you have any sort of a floodlight
 We can borrow a flood line. We can't see a thing out here and back here.
 Alrighty, Mr. Harris, here we go.
 Something very important that we have to find a certain fine spot, Mr. Hat, on we tell you, turn that thing off.
 What did Mr. Harris watch any of these sprouts of paper?
 Did you ever see a vacuum cleaner eat a paper like that?
 Mr. Harris, have you seen anything of a comic book I threw in your trash bin?
 A comic book? It's a matter of life and death.
 Mr. Orridge, I know exactly why you'll find it.
 [Music]
 Henry, are you sure you're copying it down right?
 Sure, keep going Homer.
 Lay Duke's doorlings.
 Lay Duke's the UCKS.
 Henry, not Doc's Duke's.
 Oh, sure, Duke's, okay, what about him?
 Sonton Famil, they plume no bill.
 Or is it mobile is it what mobile you know is in Memphis?
 How would I know what comes after that that's the end of the page well stay here
 I'll see if they pasted the next one together father
 Father's the next page ready yet
 I'm using it just have to go on this small piece okay, but oh yeah, had me the magnifying glad he was father
 It's almost midnight and we promise trial.
 All right, Henry, relax.
 Your French exam doesn't start to land in the morning.
 Mr. Prescott, we'll have his notes by then.
 I know, but--
 Here, here's your next page.
 It's pretty messy, but--
 Thanks, Father.
 I've got it, Homer.
 Sam, there's one thing I still don't understand.
 Now, let's be careful.
 You're blowing the pieces all over the living room.
 Sam, do you have a scrap that would fit this space?
 Well, I've got enough trouble putting together my own pieces.
 There, was it absolutely necessary for you
 to buy that vacuum cleaner?
 Now, Alice, an extra vacuum cleaner is very handy thing to have around.
 Sure. And besides, this one's different. It's especially for theaters.
 Will.
 Henry, Henry, you can't be finished with that page already.
 No, but we just copied out the first sentence and Gee whiz.
 What's wrong with you? Mother, does this make sense to you?
 Le premier d'you chocolate drip?
 What's that?
 The a la Adam Smasher Walla.
 No, wait a minute.
 Now listen, Homer.
 Listen, I mean, uh, kabool-a-book.
 Well, anyway, who you kidding?
 Kidding, kidding, me kidding.
 I mean, more.
 Sure, huh.
 How can you bet me 30 cents will pass this French exam when I happen to know you haven't
 got 30 cents?
 What's the beautiful part of him?
 What is?
 When I win the bet, I'll have 30 cents.
 Miss Pa?
 Well, here's a sure bet for you ladies.
 And that's the hit you make with the family
 when you serve jello puddings for dessert.
 Yes, jello puddings.
 Chocolate, butter, scotch, and vanilla.
 Creamy, rich, and luscious smooth.
 Chuck full of old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 Now, sure, jello puddings are nourishing made with milk.
 And sure, they're quick and easy.
 Cook in about five minutes.
 The great thing about jello puddings is they taste sasuel.
 And you know that name jello is a trademark, the property of general foods, and it tells
 you you're getting a genuine jello product.
 Remember that when you look on your grocery shelf tomorrow for jello puddings, and remember
 more people buy jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 The Olrich family starring as Rustona's Henry with Jackie Calcas Homer is written by Patricia
 Jaudrey and Del Dinsdale with music by Jack Miller. Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are
 house Jameson and Katherine Roth and this is Dan Seymour in New York saying
 the Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family.
 Everyone's a jello good fellow, a very good jello good fellow, so rich, so tempting and now, oh, J-E-L-L-O!
 Listen again next Thursday, same time, same station, to another sparkling half hour with the old-rich family.
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (bells ringing)
 (bells ringing)
 (chime)
