 [Music]
 Henry Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, Mother!
 [Applause]
 The Aldrich family based on characters who inherited my Clifford Goldsmith
 and starring as bestowments every Jackie Calcett former.
 And now for the Aldrich family.
 Everyone knows that as we grow older, the years begin to travel more swiftly.
 But when you're a teenage boy like Henry Aldrich, every year is a lifetime.
 For each minute is packed full of fun and adventurous.
 The teen opens in the Aldrich living room.
 Mary, I can hardly believe my ears.
 My goodness, Henry, all I did was ask you a perfectly civil question.
 I'm sure I don't know what you're so excited about.
 You don't.
 Mary, I was sitting here mining my own business.
 And you walked up to me and said a thing like that.
 All I said was that Joe Graham is coming over for dinner tonight.
 Sure.
 And then you asked me what time I was getting out of the house.
 Well, that's all I want to know, Henry. What time are you getting out?
 But, Mary, I've been looking forward to that roast duck all day.
 Henry, you can't do a thing like this to me.
 I can't do why.
 You can't possibly intend to sit there at the table and have dinner with us.
 Gee whiz, why not?
 Joe and I get along swell.
 Henry, do you remember what happened the last time Joe was here for dinner?
 Have you said it once? You said it a hundred times.
 Joe was the only boyfriend I had.
 Mary, you just don't understand men.
 That makes a man feel good.
 If he hasn't any competition, what's he got to worry about?
 Oh, what's the youth mother?
 Now listen, Mary, don't go dragging mother into this.
 Oh, right, then I'll give you one more chance.
 Are you going to get out of on to?
 Mary, where can I go?
 My own family doesn't want me who else would
 But I've been trying to tell you is that I found Homer a little while ago and asked if you could have dinner with him
 You mean you'd force me down Mrs. Brown's throat?
 Oh, it says he sure his mother would be delighted and he's working on a right now. Oh, no, Mary. Oh, no
 Oh, no, why I'm not going to impose myself on anybody that has to be
 Worked on very well Henry. You've had your chance mother. Okay, Mary. Go ahead. Go ahead and sour
 I know my right mother. Where are you? I'm in the kitchen. Mary based in the duck
 Sam a hold it take your hands off those olives, but I'm hungry Alice, but I have just one mother
 I could just die all right, Sam. You may have one, but that's all ah
 Sam what's the matter not the one on top of the salad? It took me 15 minutes to cut it to look like a rose
 Is that what it looks like
 He's one out of the deep mother. I don't mean to criticize
 But what's more important to you and all of that looks like a rose or my future happiness now now dear
 What's the matter? Do you know what Henry's gonna do to me? Do you know what he's going to do?
 Why he's going to have dinner with us tonight. Well, that seems natural he lives here
 Of course Mary and he's perfectly entitled I have dinner with us if he wants
 Tonight don't you remember what happened the last time Joe Graham was here for dinner
 You mean when you spilled the gravy in Joe's lab?
 Father that was because Henry had me so upset by the things he was saying. I was positively trembling
 In a way Sam I can see Mary's point of view after all Joe is practically the only boyfriend she has
 Mother
 Mary will you just tell me one thing. You mean you changed your mind. She was no
 But look what it fixed things up if I told Joe you had a different boyfriend here every night
 You see mother you see that sounds feasible to me sure Mary you just don't understand men
 They like to feel they have lots of competition father all I asked is that I be allowed to live my own life
 Well gee whiz Mary go ahead who's stopping you?
 Mother what am I to do Mary at the moment? I'm much more concerned with this duck than Joe Graham. I wash my hands with a hula
 Here we're out here in the kitchen Homer
 The kitchen's all boy.
 Sam, hide those olives.
 Right.
 Boy, does this house smell good.
 Hello, everybody.
 Hi, homerovel timer.
 Well, I'm here.
 So I see.
 Boy, are we having that duck for dinner?
 No, we are.
 We are?
 Oh boy.
 No, wait a minute, Homer.
 What exactly are you doing over here?
 Jean, Mrs. Aldrich, I was invited over for dinner.
 Bob, who invited you?
 I did. Don't you remember Mary? I said my mother would be delighted to have me come.
 Homer! Well, she was. You misunderstood me entirely. I didn't invite you over here.
 You didn't. Alice, if it would help matters any, I'd be glad to have dinner out.
 Now, family couldn't do that. Who called the duck? Homer, it isn't that we wouldn't love to have you.
 You would, boy. But not tonight, dear. And I'm afraid you'll just have to go home.
 But Mrs. Aldrich, I can.
 Why not?
 Well, when I told my mother I was going out, she said this was her chance to have some
 people in for dinner.
 Oh my goodness, and she doesn't want to see me again till 11 o'clock tonight.
 Boy, Homer, you know we should have done this more often.
 I'll say.
 Listen, are you sure you've still got all the money?
 Sure, I'm sure.
 It's all tied in my handkerchief, right where my mother put it.
 Gee, there's nothing like two old friends going out to dinner together.
 Obviously.
 Oh, how much have we got again?
 We have a dollar and a quarter each, Homer.
 I've told you a million times.
 I know, but I still can't believe it.
 Whenever my mother kicks me out of the house, all I get is 35 cents.
 Homer, I hope you don't think my mother kicked us out.
 Oh, that's alright, Hannah.
 The old timer I understand.
 She can't hurt my feelings.
 Anyway, we wouldn't have enjoyed ourselves.
 Whenever Mary has a boyfriend up for dinner, all my mother talks about is what a good cook Mary is, and how she makes all her own clothes.
 She didn't marry cook that dinner?
 No, but she peeled the radishes, though.
 I didn't know you peeled radishes.
 Mary does.
 She doesn't know how to clean them.
 Boy, and I know where let's go. Let's go to the candy kitchen.
 The candy kitchen at home or all you can get there is dessert.
 Sure. Think of all the desserts we could get for a dollar and a quarter.
 Now let's go to the mansion house.
 Hand me, they charge millions of dollars at the mansion house.
 They do not. You can get a real swell dinner for a dollar and a quarter.
 Yeah, and you could put it all on a piece of bread and make a sandwich out of it.
 Listen, Homer, one of this has to be sensible.
 For anybody who'd eat a dollar and a quarter's worth of desserts.
 Okay.
 What do you mean by that?
 Okay, that's all.
 It's your money.
 I'm only the guest.
 Homer, I haven't hurt your feelings, have I?
 I'm gonna think of it. I wasn't even invited in the first place.
 Now Homer...
 That's all right, Henry. Don't bother trying to explain.
 We'll go to the mansion house.
 Well, gee whiz, if you're gonna SALK.
 Who's SALKING?
 If that's your attitude, let's go to the candy kitchen.
 Oh no, I wouldn't think of going to the candy kitchen.
 We'll go to the mansion house.
 Oh no, we won't.
 Listen, you couldn't drag me into the candy kitchen with a team of wild horses.
 Well, I'm darned a boss that put in the mansion house.
 Now listen, Henry.
 Now listen, Homer.
 Mother, I just can't stand it.
 Now Mary, don't go all the pieces.
 Look, when Joe gets here, why don't I just take him out someplace for dinner?
 You'll do no such thing.
 Frankly, I'm getting a little tired of this whole business.
 Now, where are the boys?
 Henry's up in his room, eating jelly beans from last Easter.
 Jelly beans?
 My goodness, he'll make himself sick.
 He says he hopes he does.
 And Homer's sitting in the whole closet.
 Where?
 The whole closet, mother.
 He says Henry gave him permission to sit there and soak if he wants to.
 Well, you go and tell them both to stop this foolishness at once.
 Tell them I'll expect to see them at dinner in 15 minutes.
 You mean at our dinner table?
 What mother, what about Joe?
 Mary, if you mention Joe just once more, I'll go out for dinner myself.
 Now, do as your toes.
 My goodness.
 Sam, I'll just get away from those radishes.
 You mean these white things?
 I thought they were on you.
 Homer!
 Are you still in the closet?
 Who's that?
 It's Mary.
 Okay, you can come in.
 How are you coming out of that closet, your mother to death?
 I hope I do.
 My mother says you're to have dinner with her.
 She does?
 Oh.
 Is Henry gonna be there?
 Certainly is. He lives here, doesn't he?
 Then I'll just stay right here.
 Tell your mother thanks just the same, but I'd rather starve.
 Well, my goodness.
 And please close the door after you.
 All right then. All right.
 Henry!
 I'm here in my room.
 If anybody's interested.
 Henry, old, did you listen to me?
 How do you do?
 Mother sent me up here to invite you to dinner.
 And I hope you're satisfied.
 Would you care for a jelly bean?
 Henry, did you hear me?
 Mary, please convey my regrets and tell Mother I wouldn't think of imposing on my own family for a meal.
 Now, look, are you talking too?
 Of course I'm not sulking!
 I know what I'm not wanted.
 Well, my goodness, Mother!
 Oh my goodness. Hello, Mary. Joe, it's you. Aren't you expecting me? Yes, yes, of course, Joe. It's just that I'm so upset. Well, come on in. Thank you. Did you just come in? No, I'm going out. Just for a few minutes, Joe.
 I have to see somebody about my brother.
 - Oh, is he going to be here for dinner?
 - Not if I can help it.
 That is, I'll be back in a few minutes, Joe.
 Goodbye.
 - But, Murray, is that you, Joe?
 - Yes, it is, Mr. Olridge.
 - Just hang your coat up in the hall closet
 and come on in the living room.
 - All right, sir.
 Oh, excuse me, I thought this was the closet.
 - It is.
 (audience laughing)
 - It is.
 Well, are you, uh, are you looking for something?
 for something? No. Oh. Here, give me your coat. I'll hang it up for you. But I don't
 want to. No, that's all right. I'd be glad of something to do. Oh, well thanks. And would
 you please close the door after you? Close it? Oh, sure. Sure. You coming in the living
 room, Joe? Yes, Mr. Aldrich. I'm going. I mean, I'm coming. I'm sorry. I couldn't
 come to the door. I'm trying to get a little fire going here. Mr. Aldrich, I... What's
 What about a joke? You look pale.
 Have you been working pretty hard?
 Working?
 Yeah, yeah, that's probably it.
 I've just been working too hard.
 The only thing is...
 Yes, Joe.
 Mr. Aldrich, have you noticed anything unusual
 about your hall closet?
 Oh, you mean all that junk?
 Junk? That's been accumulating for years.
 Anytime this family wants to get rid of anything,
 they just stuff it in the hall closet.
 They do. Gee. Ever so often we clean it out and throw everything away, but it always manages to come back.
 Is that right? It's gotten to be a sort of family skeleton. Skeleton. Gee, I could have sworn it.
 What, Joe? Nothing. Oh, will you excuse me, Joe, when I answer the phone? Sure, Mr. Aldrich. I'll just lie down for a minute.
 Hello. Hello, what's that do with the roll?
 Yes?
 It's a pinebean.
 Who?
 string bean, string bean, kitten, juke.
 Oh, hello, string bean.
 Listen, I just met Mary on the street,
 and that's Henry and Homer got a dinner invitation here.
 Why, no, they haven't.
 Oh boy, then I'm not too late.
 Gee, I ran out of the first bubble that I came to.
 This is called a day to come to my house for dinner.
 Why, I should think they'd be delighted, string bean.
 Oh boy, imagine two men in both of them at once.
 What's that?
 Comes to come over and a half an hour in the storage.
 Don't take me that long in the corner,
 the kinks out of my hands.
 Come on!
 You're marching, Bean.
 Well, it's...
 Sam, what's going wrong now?
 Nothing's gone wrong, dear.
 I've just fixed Henry and Homer up with a dinner invitation.
 Well, thank goodness.
 Was that Mrs. Anderson or Kathleen who called?
 The Anderson?
 Alice, the boys have been invited to the kitten juice.
 And you accepted?
 Certainly.
 If they won't eat at home, they have to eat some, please.
 But Sam, Mary's gone to ask Mrs. Anderson if they can have dinner over there.
 What's that?
 So do you have to get the car out and try to catch her?
 But Alice, what about Joe?
 - Please Sam oldrich, I don't care what...
 - Oh goodness, what's he doing?
 - Oh, dear, those olives are for dinner!
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (dramatic music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Orton.
 When Marion invited Joe Graham up to the house for dinner,
 she made the mistake of trying to get rid of Henry.
 At the moment Joe is sitting in the living room reading travel magazines
 The family is having a meeting in Henry's bedroom.
 Alice, they've got to have dinner at the Kittenges.
 Do you realize Frank Kittenger is one of my best clients?
 I can't afford to offend him.
 But then, how can I phone Mrs. Anderson and say they aren't coming?
 You can have Maryponer.
 What?
 After deliberately sending her over to ask for the invitation.
 Father, could I voice an opinion?
 You may not. You've voiced too many already.
 Henry, stop eating those jelly beans.
 You'll need your appetite at the Anderson.
 At the kitten's, but mother I'd rather just stay here in my room than have to go out any place with Homer
 You'll go out with Homer to like it. Yes, sir
 Sam, I don't understand why you weren't able to catch up with Mary before she got to the end
 Uh, no Alice, uh, that's a long story
 Father, Father, Ghost Cora has been stolen
 Mary, he says he left it in the drive line
 And just now when he looked out the window it was gone
 Well, uh, tell him not to worry about it
 Not to worry.
 Gee, whiz father, that car course show $150.
 Well, anyway, he says that people get an awful surprise when he goes to push the cigarette lighter.
 What are you supposed to happen?
 What?
 The whole roof falls on top of you.
 [laughter]
 Father!
 Damn old-
 Now, if I had to take it, it was blocking the driveway.
 And Mary tell Joey can pick his car up at the garage tomorrow, and it'll have two new fenders.
 Then, Sam, this whole thing was your fault.
 And I want you to hone Mr. Kittenger and say the boys won't be over for dinner.
 Alice, Mr. Kitten just wanted my best part.
 I think you suppose you and Father could argue in the living room so we could teach you how it attains.
 Henry, please go and answer that.
 Sound stairs? Where Homer is?
 Just pick it up here in my room.
 Yes, sure.
 Nossy here, Mary. Don't you know how to entertain the girls right now?
 Hello?
 Hello? Hello?
 Homer, where are you?
 I'm right downstairs in your whole closet.
 Would you mind kindly getting lost the line?
 Hello, Homer. This is Frank being technical.
 Homer, may I ask who gave you permission to take our phone into the hall closet?
 Just ignore him, stringy.
 How are you anyway?
 I'm fine.
 That's good.
 Now listen, Henry.
 How are you, Henry?
 I'm fine.
 That's good. I mean, can we get off the line?
 Oh, I could just die. You know that dinner invitation was dinner invitation.
 Oh, it's good to even know. I invited you and Henry over here for dinner.
 You did? Oh, boy.
 Homer, my mother says we have to go to Kathleen Anderson's for dinner.
 Are you going to the Anderson's?
 Sure.
 Stringing, what time do you want me to come over?
 That's why I took time.
 When I got home, I found enough for my mother sitting on those cat important beans.
 They've been invited out for dinner.
 Well, darn it all anyway.
 Homer, do you like cotton beans?
 No.
 Neither do I.
 Gee, I love them.
 Listen, Henry, get off the line.
 I'm gonna hold my lips on.
 My mother left the phone on the house for having dinner last.
 And I'm gonna phone up to get myself provided.
 Yeah, but what about me?
 That's it.
 I'm just telling my friend of mine is starving to death.
 Don't they know that duty and citizen?
 Mrs. All the rich, is anybody gonna answer this phone?
 Oh, Gee Whiz.
 Hello.
 Hello, is that you Homer?
 Yes.
 Have you, uh, have you had your dinner yet?
 What?
 No.
 Then, dear, would you like to come over here for dinner?
 Well, Gee Whiz, who is this?
 This is your mother!
 My mother?
 And you're inviting me over for dinner?
 Yes, the kids in truth are here. You remember the kids, Jude.
 And their daughters, ring B? Yes, I got it on the phone.
 Oh, baby. She and you'd really like to have me?
 Why, I think yes. I don't know why. I didn't think of it before.
 Well, thank you very much. I'd be delighted.
 You're sure you haven't had your dinner?
 I'm positive.
 Oh, well, come on then.
 Oh, I'll be right over.
 Take your time. Goodbye dear.
 Goodbye and thank you.
 Oh Joe, Joe was that?
 Oh, it's you.
 Would you kindly mind stepping out of my way? I'm leaving.
 You're leaving? I'd be delighted.
 And would you mind sending me back my stuffed rattlesnake at your convenience?
 I'll get it for you right now.
 I'm sorry but I can't wait.
 It happens I've been invited out for dinner and my friends are very anxious for me to get there.
 Well, you better get going. Yeah
 Well, it's been nice knowing you. Bye.
 Bye
 Well
 Well, I have to answer the phone well
 Bye
 Bye
 Hello, hello, is that you and me sure Kathleen? How are you?
 Yeah
 You mean she doesn't want me
 She does well gee that suits me right down to the ground
 The only thing is could I ask you one question
 - No, I don't have any. - All I want to know is, well, exactly what has your mother
 got against Homer?
 Homer! Homer, your mother wants to know if you finish matching the potatoes yet.
 I'm mashing them. I'm mashing them.
 Boy, does that Henry Aldrich make me sore?
 Me too.
 Nobody in this whole family knows what they're doing.
 And by Joba for dinner and where do you wind up?
 In the whole closet with a bunch of gosh's.
 And imagine Henry eavesdropping on our telephone conversation like that.
 Yeah, imagine.
 Oh, it was his phone.
 I know, but it was you I wanted to talk to, not him.
 Sure, but just the same. He has a right to use his own phone if he wants to.
 Oh, but he's so bossy.
 Oh, I don't know.
 Why don't the brownies always tell me what to do?
 Yeah. Well, maybe I like being told what to do.
 Well, my goodness.
 And I'll thank you to stop making insulting remarks about my best friend.
 friend. Mr. Dehaven. Yes, Henry. I guess I'll have another hamburger. Another one?
 They didn't you have any dinner tonight? Well, as a matter of fact, I didn't. I was
 invited out for dinner, but see, I don't know. You take women. No, you take men.
 What's that?
 Yeah, you take men.
 You can talk to them for years and boy you always got lots to talk about.
 But you talk to a woman for five minutes and see all she can talk about is men.
 Well you don't say.
 Sure.
 All she can do is criticize your friends.
 Homer, well that is, my friends might have big appetites but boy you never get bored
 with him.
 of them. Well, say, of course here. Oh, ow.
 Mr. Behave, and have you done anything decent to eat?
 Sure thing, Homer. You get up on that stool and I'll fix you some hamburgers.
 This stool? This stool right here?
 Yeah, I'll have them for you in a minute.
 Oh. Hi. Hi.
 Is this stool taken?
 No, Gee, no.
 So, then.
 Thanks.
 Did you all that?
 Huh?
 I said, "Isn't it cold out?"
 I'll say.
 Well, Gee, how are you, anyway?
 I'm fine, Homer.
 Just fine.
 How are you?
 I'm swell.
 And...
 Well, Gee, Homer.
 Old timer.
 Listen, I still got a dollar fifty.
 Why don't you say we go over to the candy kitchen and get a whole lot of dessert?
 I wouldn't mind going to the mansion now.
 No sir, I'm Henry.
 Listen Homer, I got a better idea.
 Why?
 Let's just stay here.
 Swell.
 Here are your hamburgers, Homer.
 Oh boy, do they look good.
 They are, Homer.
 Hear him.
 Have one of mine.
 Thanks.
 Gee whiz, is that Joe Graham?
 Hi, Henry.
 What are you doing here?
 I'm having a mind dinner.
 See, are those hamburgers?
 That's just what I'm looking for.
 Well, come on, sit down.
 But Joe, didn't you just have a duck dinner over at my house?
 Well, I started to.
 Yeah, I bet the whole thing never would have happened
 if the duck hadn't got burned.
 It did?
 Yes, your mother and father were so busy talking upstairs
 they never would have noticed it if I hadn't smelled the smoke.
 See, what do you mean you couldn't eat it?
 Well, we started to, but then your father began telling me
 how Mary does all the cooking.
 And the first thing your mother knew,
 Mary had dumped the gravy in her lap.
 She, what did she do?
 She went to bed.
 Mary?
 No, your mother.
 Mary went for the doctor.
 My mother needed a doctor?
 No, the doctor was for your father.
 You see, he was carrying a tray up to your mother
 and he slid on some jelly beans and put it his ankle.
 Oh, I wish I'd been there.
 Listen, Homer, if we'd been there,
 they'd only have blamed the whole thing on us.
 Here, Joe, would you like a hamburger?
 Yeah, thanks.
 Certainly, two bad things had to go wrong.
 You're the only boyfriend Mary has.
 Well, somebody passed the catch-up.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 [applause]
 [music]
 Father, is it time to put another calm press on your ankle?
 Don't bother Mary, it feels fine.
 Just the same, I'd better follow the doctor's orders.
 And Mother?
 Yes, dear.
 I'll get the ice bag for your head just as soon as I'm through.
 Well, thank you, Mary. The Sam, isn't she efficient?
 She certainly is. The next time Joe comes for dinner,
 we must remember to tell him that Mary is a good nurse, too.
 Oh, Father!
 The Aldrich family is based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith,
 and stars as Restonus Henry with Jackie Kalkus Homer.
 Mr. and Mrs. Alrich are House Jamison and Catherine Roth.
 This is the Armed Forces Radio Service, a voice of information and education.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
