 [Music]
 And real over it! Coming, Mother!
 The Aldrich family! A special rebroadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations.
 [Music]
 A world filled only with teenage boys is something for bidding to imagine.
 But a world without any teenage boys is just as for bidding.
 For youngster like Henry older dad that's to everyone's everyday experiences
 But he opens in the older living room the time is Saturday morning
 But Mary haven't I made it clear? I'm not any good at that sort of thing
 I mean what's different says it may you don't have to entertain or anything?
 Oh, you have to do it keep your eye on him. Mary. Let me ask you something
 How old is this child you want Homer me to take care of Henry? He's not a child
 He's nine years old well
 I'm not gonna spend the only day of rest I have in the week keeping my eye on my hero
 But Mother Thomas is Mother that you would.
 But I take care of it.
 Is that one of us would?
 And Henry, I thought you asked me to help you with your kind first weekend.
 I did.
 Sure, I'd be glad to have you help.
 And I would either go to the great enough of your room for you.
 Including my closet?
 Yes, Henry.
 I've had just one thought in my mind all morning and that's to make the weekend happy.
 It's perfect for you, it's possible.
 And now somehow you've disappointed me.
 I have.
 Well, look, let me step out on the porch and speak to Homer for a second.
 for a second. And maybe I can...
 Will you wait here?
 Alright, I'll be answering the phone.
 And Henry, I think we should also know about even trying to clean out your lunch
 minutes to bus leaves for Abbott City and Gwen and Ada over there expecting us to
 come on it. Well that's what I want to ask you Homer. If we text the 10 o'clock
 flush over there I don't suppose we could keep our date and get back here by 12
 couldn't we? By 12 tonight? No we can't keep Willie out that way. Who's Willie? Oh
 well that's something I'd rather not go in to. Yes Mary Henry I thought you
 wanted to make that flop. Henry I just got this job Graham and you certainly
 appreciated your being so good about it about why you forgot taking care of
 Willie Mary what did I say I do anything like that I thought you were going out to
 arrange it with homeless she was I just went out to just be doing what mother
 guy to say when she finds out you've walked out on Willie mother where is she
 I'm gonna ask you say right here but Mary where you going he's out in the kitchen
 Henry mother are you satisfied with the way Henry's getting along and friends
 You know, I have time to worry about Henry's friends right now.
 What have you done with Willie?
 Well, that's what I was anxious to tell you about.
 Don't you think that since Henry is a boy and Willie has a better time with him than with me?
 Yes, I suppose so.
 That's what I've been trying to tell Henry and motherly won't even listen to me.
 Mary, I have time to worry about that now.
 One of you is to take care of and then you'll have to decide it between yourself.
 And whatever we decide will be all right with you, that's all I wanted to know.
 Henry! Henry! Henry!
 Henry Olgrip!
 What, Mary?
 May I ask what you're going down the front wall for?
 Mary Holman, I've got a catch-up, but...
 And Henry, don't you realize how upset we all are over your French?
 My friends?
 Your French and Willie!
 Or don't you ever want to get to Princeton?
 What mother say?
 He said Willie would be much happier if he were with you because you're a boy, and I'm a seller for you myself.
 She did.
 Hey, Henry, why would Princeton care with you?
 I'm a mother.
 I'm a mother.
 And just a second home.
 I'm going to leave it up to you, Henry.
 I've got to go in and change.
 But, Mary, why must I be the one to decide?
 You realize we have five minutes left?
 Homer, I'm stuck with Willie Jenkins.
 And how about Gwen and Aida?
 You mean you'd rather play with Willie than with Gwen?
 No, Homer.
 But my mother's worried about Gwen.
 I mean, Henry, if I get over there and tell Aida, you couldn't come, she'll take my head off.
 She went to a lot of trouble to get Gwen lined up for you.
 I told you were very particular who you went out with.
 But how about Willie? I've got to keep an eye on him.
 Where is he? He's out in the garden.
 I have to say, I'm sure he's all right.
 Okay, okay.
 Why don't we tie him safely to a tree and beat him?
 Hi, uh-oh, I don't want to tighten, right?
 We'll put him on the end of a long clothes line,
 and leave a glass of water for him in case he gets thirsty.
 Oh, no, we can't do that.
 Alright, then why don't we take him with us?
 On the bus.
 Way over to Abbott City.
 Listen, all you and mother want you to do is take care of him, doesn't she?
 What given to them make whether you take care of him here or in Abbott City?
 That's true.
 And, gee, there he is.
 Hey, Lily!
 You want?
 Come here!
 What are you doing with that rose boy?
 I said it up.
 I saw an oldie for you.
 Well, where's the holly you got it out of?
 I want to know.
 Now listen, Lily.
 You gotta put that back and come on with us.
 I'm not going anywhere.
 Oh, yes you are.
 Now, come on.
 And listen, Lily.
 That's my father's favorite rose boy.
 And he doesn't want to take it all the way to Abbott's Finney.
 Fanny!
 Hello there, Alice oldie.
 Isn't that you up there on the farm?
 Oh, good morning, Mrs. Smith.
 I just thought I'd get the little sweeping done out here.
 My, isn't this a nice morning?
 Isn't it?
 And Alice, I want to tell you what a nice boy I think you have.
 Oh, Henry!
 I guess so. I'm going down Maple Street with Homer Brown.
 It's the funniest thing the way I happen to see them, really.
 I was about a block away and I heard a small boy screamin'
 "Creamy at the top of this lungs, Alice."
 "And it's this, I thought he must be fine."
 "Well, they heard him."
 "Oh, no."
 "It's Nandi, we're just laughing."
 Henry was running on one side of him and home over to the other side of him
 and they were holding him right up in the air.
 "Really?"
 "Yes, and the little boy was waving a great big bush."
 "He must have been having the best time."
 "Oh, that must be Willie Jenkins."
 Apparently, Mary decided she'd let Henry take care of him.
 "Well, from the weird look."
 Henry certainly has a way with young people.
 And that's why I stopped by Mrs. Orgick.
 I wanted to ask her something.
 Yes, Mrs. Smith, I had to go to Red Cross
 for afternoon to week.
 And my little girl is a real problem, but she's very sweet.
 And I wondered when I saw Henry just now,
 whether he wouldn't like to earn a little money now and then.
 Taking care of your little girl?
 Would be a great week for her.
 Oh, I agree with you, and it would be a wonderful experience
 for Henry.
 (upbeat music)
 (laughing)
 - Hello?
 Hello, was this Obisity 441?
 - How's your 20 cents, please?
 - 20 cents as much as that.
 - Hello?
 - Oh, hello, is this?
 Is this just a minute?
 - What did you say?
 - Hey Homer, what did you say, her name is?
 - Ada, Ada, she wants you right at there.
 - Write it down.
 Listen, Homer, you wanna mix me up?
 Hello?
 Hello?
 May I speak with Ada Ashley please?
 I'm late again to come to the phone right now.
 She's going down to the bus terminal to meet someone.
 She has?
 Yes, we're having two visitors from Vanderbilt.
 Oh, well look we missed the bus.
 Who is?
 All of us.
 Oh is this Homer?
 No it's Henry.
 Oh you're mine.
 What's that?
 Henry, aren't you coming?
 It's yours, you're coming.
 Only we had a little trouble.
 And there isn't another bus for an hour and a half.
 There isn't.
 No but don't worry, we're gonna hitchhike over.
 Alright.
 And listen.
 Do either of you or Ada have a kid sister?
 A kid sister?
 Yes.
 Well, my mother was a little worried about friends, but now I mean...
 Well, you suppose she could sort of entertain someone we're bringing over with us?
 Well, I'll find out.
 And we'll be awfully glad to see you, Henry.
 I understand you're very nice.
 Well, Gee, I understand the same thing.
 Hey, Henry.
 What do you think happened?
 Listen, when I think Homer's fidgeted up so we can get a ride.
 Goodbye!
 Goodbye!
 I've fixed it up will he just fill the strawberry soda all the way down his front well gee wiz homie didn't I tell you to keep an eye on him he won't let go of that rose bush Henry that's the trouble I told him when he started he couldn't drink his soda no hands. Hello Mrs. Olga to his residence. Hello Mrs. Olga this is Mrs. Emily Jones. Oh yes Mrs. Jones Mrs. Olga I was just talking with a couple of the ladies from the red.
 cross and I understand your son is marvelous with little children. Well I
 wouldn't go so far as to say that but of course I'm his mother and I'm afraid it
 wouldn't sound right if it came from me. Well just the same that's what I hear
 Mrs. Aldrich and I understand he's taking care of one or two children in
 these fair times and couldn't take on anymore. Oh you'd like to have him take
 care of your little boy too? Oh I have two little boys. One five and one seven and
 this is all the different off Henry really would play with them every afternoon
 And my worries would all be over!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Winston, first, lay a minute.
 Willie, will you please walk a little faster?
 Don't you realize we're only two miles out of town?
 And just because we've got you along with us,
 nobody will give us a walk.
 I'm not stopping, I know, but you certainly
 discouraged them.
 Why don't you throw that darn rose push away?
 No.
 Willie, will you stop living every time you take a step?
 You make me nervous.
 Well, I've got a nail in my suit.
 And I'm going to sit down here and take it over.
 There we go, Henry.
 There we go.
 He's sitting down again.
 Willie, won't you please listen to the reason?
 You took your coat off and left it someplace
 and we lost half an hour, never found it.
 But I was hot.
 Here, poor I sure was.
 Is any car coming, Henry?
 No.
 Help me get the darn thing off and fix it for him.
 Where's his stone?
 Where's his stone?
 Are you going to hit me?
 I don't put ideas in my head.
 Look, moment.
 Well, I take a shoe off.
 You shorten half or you can sew that rose foot.
 I don't know, fellas. I don't know.
 Let's go.
 Oh, stop switching me.
 There is many nails in your shoe.
 It's just your imagination.
 Well, look at my foot.
 It's your saw.
 Whoever dressed you didn't get all the wrinkles out.
 I bled myself.
 Hey, Henry, here comes a truck.
 Oh, Mr. Yes or Yes or I?
 Mr.
 He was going to stop.
 Come on, my friend.
 Sure, five feathers so much.
 Boy, I'll say.
 Come on, Lily.
 No.
 Now listen, Lily.
 Do you remember what I had to do to your wrist last time you wouldn't mind me?
 No.
 Let's just lift him, Henry.
 Don't hurt him, Homer.
 Just let him know we mean business.
 I'm good.
 Yes, sir.
 We're in.
 You boys are in the heart, Dad, I'm in the right.
 I'll say, can we certainly appreciate it?
 I'm really isn't this pretty nice?
 Aren't you glad you're going over to Abbott City and see some girls?
 No.
 Now listen, Lily, don't be so smart.
 Will you guys aren't so smart?
 You know what you just did?
 What?
 You left my shoe back there when we got on.
 Hello, Samuel Otis speaking.
 Is this the order to take care of war workers' children?
 I beg your pardon?
 a button if I want the older stay nursery service that you tell me what your
 hours are my hours that all depends I want to enroll three children they don't
 say so yes but I don't want to leave them with you all day who is this Harriet
 you try to be funny Harriet send them around Harriet will take all you've got
 thank you I'll bring them over this afternoon goodbye wait a minute aren't
 you Harriet hello
 (
 (Music)
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is this Gwen?
 This is Homer.
 My gracious, Homer, where are you?
 That's what I'm calling to tell you about.
 We're getting there.
 How far are you?
 We don't know.
 We got a ride part way and then Willie Drozewish got in the guy's eye.
 What did you say?
 He almost ran up a telephone pole and the guy made us get out.
 What, Henry's right outside where I'm phoning you, trying to stop another car.
 I certainly hope you get here soon, Homer.
 I've got my sister all lined up.
 Your sister, to me?
 I thought you were bringing someone by the name of Willie.
 We are.
 I'm not sure because my sister broke his aces with a soldier, that's how she can see him.
 Ah, this is all here.
 And he hopes Willie's a mighty most person boy.
 And why?
 Well, he's nice.
 But he's lost his shoes.
 He did.
 And it's happened as cold.
 And we hung his shirt back on a bush to dry after his soda slips.
 That's the best!
 A bouquet you're such a nut to worry.
 But once we get him there, he won't be any trouble.
 Hey, Homer!
 Hey, Homer! I'm coming, Henry!
 So goodbye, Granny!
 Bye!
 Henry, you stop the car?
 No, everybody just goes right by.
 You know what the trouble is, Homer?
 There are three of us.
 Sure there are.
 I've been telling you all the time, Henry.
 The thing for us to do is get behind a tree and I'm gonna try to flag the cars.
 Because these little trees, and then when they stop,
 We can step out and say, "Mr. How would you like to take a couple more?"
 Sure.
 Do it.
 Now then, will we be understanding?
 No.
 Well, do you see that delivery truck that's coming up the road?
 Yes.
 Well, you'll be right behind this entryway, and all you have to do is stand there, work
 perfectly safe and go like this with your thumb.
 Like this?
 Not for some that's holding the rosewood.
 Come on, can we get behind the tree?
 I'm coming.
 Quick, get behind here.
 Is your wife writing them all right?
 I can't see.
 Why didn't them all write?
 I can't see him.
 He just came off.
 But listen, listen, sound to go that car's flowing up.
 You think of your told me?
 I think so.
 We'll wait a second to really try to catch an awesome
 for a ride.
 You, and then we'll step out and you'll--
 Hey, you need to drive this one right off.
 You need to make some trouble.
 Willie, what are you saying to him?
 Willie?
 Hey, Willie, where are you?
 Willie!
 She where's Homie Tom McCarle and Lester?
 Well, that's gratitude for you.
 We'll be back with the Alders family in just a moment.
 Right now it's intermission.
 Time for our intermission guests.
 The one and only Tommy Dorsey.
 Okay Tommy.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (jazz music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (jazz music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (music)
 (music)
 (upbeat music)
 (whimsical music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (muffled singing)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 [Music]
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Somebody loves me, I'm so proud of you.
 I wonder, I wonder, who can be?
 I wonder, who can be?
 Somebody loves me, I wonder, who can be?
 And I'm worried that you can be worth me.
 To every guy, to every guy, I have to be.
 Oh, it's maybe you were the best you've seen,
 ♪ I'm a baby, baby, baby ♪
 ♪ You're doing somebody like me ♪
 ♪ I wonder who you are ♪
 ♪ I wonder, baby, maybe, maybe you ♪
 ♪ I'm the most honest girl that I've ever seen ♪
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Olgrich.
 In their anxiety to keep a date over in Abbott City, Henry and Homer have started off to see their girls.
 Taking along a nine-year-old boy, Henry has promised to take care of for the day.
 Unfortunately, on the way, Henry and Homer have become separated from their ward.
 The scene opens in Mr. Olgrich's office.
 Sam, I'm sorry to bother you here at the office and I promise you I'm gonna take just one minute of your time
 Hello, that's what can I do for you?
 Sam, the grandest thing has just happened, you won't believe it when I tell you because frankly I couldn't believe it myself
 No, what is it?
 I'm not gonna tell you right now, they are I'd rather wait till you can be surprised
 Oh no, let me ask you one thing, how much do you think Henry's worth an hour?
 Henry, how much is he worth?
 Sam, all I want to know is where I can buy a sort of an engagement pad for him
 It has the days of the week on it
 How far?
 Excuse me
 Hello, Samuel Lawrence speaking
 Hello, is that you father?
 Yes, what is it you want?
 Well, I'm certainly glad to hear your voice.
 I've been trying to get Mother to tell her something
 and there isn't any answer at the house.
 You want your mother? Just a minute.
 Son, is that him, Nate?
 It is, yeah.
 Hello, dear.
 Hello, Mother. Are you there?
 Henry, I have a grandest thing to tell you when I see you.
 Well, listen, Mother. I want to ask you something.
 Is anyone in our house right now?
 No. No one at all?
 Oh, you mean?
 Well, I mean...
 No one's stopped in in the last hour.
 It's sort of...
 I mean...
 Well, are there any little children there?
 About nine years old?
 Oh, then you've heard about it!
 Yes.
 You mean you have?
 No one's there right now, Henry.
 You can't expect things to happen that quick.
 What's wrong with...
 By the end of the week you'll be very pleasantly surprised.
 None 'til then?
 How are you and Willie getting along?
 Oh, then you don't know...
 You don't know...
 Are you pretty good friends by now?
 Well, I've been thinking things over...
 I don't care anything about going to Princeton.
 the where I speak the father for a second all right yeah
 yeah goodbye I read what is it you want will he's been stolen yeah that's fine
 you anyway he's what he is right and we don't know who did it
 listen father you think we can keep it from mother hey how did this happen
 I'm sorry you're three minutes around oh she was I haven't any more money
 Hey, and goodbye father.
 Henry, where are you?
 Henry!
 [Music]
 Just a moment there, just a moment!
 [Music]
 What's the matter, you got a flat tire there?
 Well, yes, I have, but that isn't what I stopped you about.
 About how far am I from Abbot City?
 Not more than a mile or so.
 You haven't seen anything of a small boy about nine years old, have you?
 No, sir.
 You lose him?
 My son was taken care of him.
 I've been out looking for him for about two hours.
 Go ahead, come to another car.
 I'll stop him.
 I'll keep my eyes open.
 Hello there.
 Hello.
 Could you stop, please?
 I'll find if you want to go.
 I don't want to go anyplace.
 Have you seen anything of a small boy about nine years old
 going somewhere with somebody he didn't know?
 What was that?
 I haven't seen anybody.
 I got to move on.
 But if you see it, they got him.
 Let me know.
 Hello there.
 (crowd cheering)
 - Seriously, have you seen Anthony of a boy
 about nine years old?
 - But that, I'm looking for a nine year old boy.
 - With a rose bush?
 - But that?
 - He will fall right back, you all fair.
 - Henry, what are you doing in that car?
 - You mean you found Willie, Mr. Aldrich?
 - I have not come out of there,
 help me fix this flat tire.
 (dramatic music)
 - Ma'am, what are we going to do next?
 - I don't know what we're going to do,
 sit down and stop pacing around the living room.
 But dear, what am I going to tell Mrs. Jenkins when she comes here to the house this afternoon to get willy?
 And when I realize, Alice, that you were going to let Henry take care of all the children in this town, I shudder.
 Now, a fan, let's forget that and concentrate on Willie. Did you call the police?
 I call the police in San Rafael. I call the police in Abbott City. I call the state police. And they all promised to call me back.
 And when they called, what did they say?
 They didn't call.
 There they are right now.
 How do you know that's the police? I'll answer it.
 Sam, you wait here.
 Alice, there's no use in your getting any more upset than you already are.
 But dear, I'd like to see this thing handle the way it should be handled.
 I think the police should be told that we insist on knowing where Willa is.
 Hello?
 Hello, Mrs. O'Ogric.
 It is?
 Well, Mrs. Willa.
 Willa, my goodness, are you all right?
 Yeah, sure.
 Have you sent your laundry after this week?
 What's that?
 Where are you?
 How about your laundry?
 I love it.
 Willa, where are you?
 I lost him in a home.
 But don't worry, Mrs. O.
 It's so friendly, turn out for a ride.
 I got a call.
 Willa, take your hand, Willa.
 Hello.
 All right, Fred and Tae, yes.
 I thought you were going to tell me how to handle it.
 But he sounded happy.
 Father, I hear you're just talking about Willie.
 Yes, yes.
 You learn Mrs. Hall that you wear in peace.
 Father, I don't know.
 All he kept saying was that I said my love real.
 He hasn't got any clothes left on at all.
 I know what I'm going to do.
 What are you going on?
 I'm going to lie down and put a knife bag on my head.
 Boys, do you realize what you've done today?
 Oh, that's Father's.
 You.
 You've given Mrs. Hall that you're hitting.
 You two boys decided to take Willie and go all the way over to Abbott's
 and adjust to see two girls, didn't you?
 Yes, sir.
 And your country has asked you not to do any unnecessary traveling,
 ask it.
 But we were throwing in a bus, Mr. Old,
 and the bus was going anywhere.
 That isn't the point.
 All unnecessary traveling on buses means unnecessary wear on tires.
 It does.
 And extra passengers mean extra buses,
 and every extra bus means still more extra tires.
 Yes, father.
 And that was all just because you two boys wanted to see a couple of girls.
 You mean you gotta give up girls during the war?
 You can give up average sea girls, can't you?
 Unless you're prepared to walk over and see them, of course.
 13 miles?
 What's the matter with the girls right here in this town?
 She and me and I were wondering the same thing.
 We don't know what's the matter with them.
 And everything.
 Do you realize how many miles I had to drive my car today just to call the view?
 Yes, Father.
 Do you realize what that means?
 Yes, sir.
 More wear on your tire.
 Exactly. And your father, whom I had to get his car out and try to find Willie.
 He did my new tires. He did. And the police are out trying to find Willie.
 Do you realize how much rubber has been wasted this afternoon just because of your thoughtlessness?
 Four. The whole little thing like this happened every day in every town in this country.
 Do you realize how many towns there are? Yes.
 And do you realize how many boys there are? But they all don't want to see Grenonata Mr. Aldrich.
 They all want to see some Grenonata. And you guys will have to choose life this minute.
 Which one you have? Your girls are victory. You mean we can't have both?
 not at the same time
 now go on out and take it over yes father
 I'll answer the phone out of the
 he and my
 a change of life
 Alice
 is that the phone of the front door
 it's both here you ask for the phone and I'll answer the door
 hello hello is this Mr. Aldrich
 it is is this police headquarters
 this is nip tonson down at your office
 oh yes mr. Aldrich I'm sorry to bother you
 but some woman is just like three children here
 pretty what?
 she's just gone on to the night shift
 and mr. Aldrich he's afraid your office
 This isn't going to be big enough for her children to play.
 Miss Thompson tell her we are not running in her scene where she please leave.
 He's already left and what all I do with the children?
 I don't care, do anything, take them home with you, goodbye.
 Yes, Alice?
 Sam's here, he's here.
 Who is?
 Willie, he came back with the laundry.
 He did what?
 The laundry charts the niggity.
 He's out in the kitchen eating a piece of pie.
 And Sam, I don't know where he got it, but he brought me a rose voice.
 Hello, very thoughtful, I'm sure.
 I'm sure later on the end you can take it out and plant it with your other
 bushes what letter you have in your head
 before you open it my office
 some woman is left three children down there
 I'm going to take care of that be wonderful you can go right on the word
 and not
 now it's a bit early to the nursery I put up some of the money for it but Henry
 isn't going to run it we haven't got enough time but here how can we ever
 develop his character how about my piece of mind
 Hey, look at this nose. It's from Henry.
 A man race?
 From Henry and Homer.
 Why would they be riding to us?
 Dear mother and father, and Mr. and Mrs. Olga.
 Mr. Mrs. Who?
 We are certainly sorry we were so soughtless,
 and hope the country will not suffer too much.
 We have taken an oath not to ride on another tire for the duration,
 unless it is for a sense of need, not girls.
 Well, I'm glad to see my talk here some good.
 So we're taking your advice and walking to Abbott's city to see the girls.
 They're walking all the way. But don't worry about our wasting shoe leather.
 Is we are wearing our rubber so steeped?
 Yes, that's fine. Mother! Mother, what do we do with your phone?
 Oh, Mary. Hand me at home when they were running down the street just as fast as I could go.
 Yes, dear. We know all about it. They're going to Abbott City.
 But, Mother, don't you understand?
 We're always chasing light after them.
 Is what? Oh, that's no way a minute.
 [Music]
 This is the Armed Forces Radio Service.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
