 It's the Aldrich family.
 The Aldrich family presented by the Jell-O family.
 J-E-L-L-O!
 Ooh!
 Oh!
 There it is!
 Oh, there it is!
 We'll sing!
 Well, I'll take it, my dear little talking people, are all set to hear the Aldrich family.
 Do, do, do, do, do, do!
 Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
 And just think, here we are all the way out in Hollywood.
 And Henry is all the way out on the limb!
 Aha!
 No.
 I mean, we're here on the West Coast, and Henry is there on the East Coast.
 And we're both in love with world famous jello desserts.
 Never mind.
 Never mind.
 Everybody goes for the jello family.
 Oh, Meredith, we dearly love jello puddings.
 They come in three delicious flavors.
 Everybody loves those smooth as cream jello puddings.
 And we dearly love jello tapioca pudding too.
 Everybody loves the pudding with a personality.
 Personality and dimples
 That's right, and don't forget forget forget Jell-o the world's most famous shimmering dessert
 Well, that is what I meant. I forget Jell-o with those big red letters on the box
 No, no, no, you don't understand I forget those six delicious flavors
 Wish I were dead
 Got a better idea
 You be strawberry.
 OK, I'll be strawberry.
 [SINGING]
 Cherry, we will--
 Orange, we will--
 Lemon, you will--
 Blue.
 J-E-L-L.
 Oh, would you like it?
 No, not but--
 Uh-uh.
 Oh, B-T-I.
 Hey, look at that clock.
 It's time for--
 The Oldridge family, based on characters originated
 by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kalk as Homer.
 Henry! Henry Oldridge!
 Coming, mother!
 As every grown-up knows, a teenage boy never has to look around for interesting problems
 to solve, the problems always seem to come looking for the boy. A new one every day.
 So it is with Henry Aldrich. The scene opens in the Aldrich front hall. It is early evening.
 But Kathleen...
 "Henry, you don't have to explain. I don't own you."
 Kathleen, the only reason I broke our date last night was I thought I ought to take a
 load off Mizzetti's mind. You know, and get the difference between my subjunctive mood
 and my pastploo perfect under my belt.
 You don't say.
 Sure.
 And what's Geraldine love got to do with your past blue perfect?
 Oh boy.
 How did you find out about her?
 I have my sources, Henry.
 I have my sources.
 Well, look, in connection with Geraldine, could I explain one thing, Kathleen?
 You really needn't bother.
 I don't know, you.
 But the only reason I happened to be at her house last night was because she phoned me
 and said, "Henry, what's your assignment and why don't we do it together?"
 She phoned you?
 Sure, and there's really no harm done.
 We can see that Walter Pigeon picture tonight.
 - We can. - Sure.
 - Don't you have to study your past poo perfect?
 - Oh no, I've got it down, perfect.
 - All right, Henry, but remember, I don't own you.
 - Edra. - I'm on the phone, Father.
 - I know you are.
 Will you come in the living room, please?
 - Yes, Father.
 Kathleen, could you hang on for just one short second?
 - I'm hanging, Henry.
 - Edra. - I'm coming, Father.
 Is there something you wanted to say to I?
 - There is.
 - Did I hear you making plans to take Kathleen
 to the movie tonight?
 - Why, if you're thinking I should be studying instead,
 did I tell you about Miss Eddie?
 She said she never saw anybody with a better grasp
 of his past blue perfect.
 - I'm not referring to your past blue perfect.
 - Dear, have you forgotten you were sitting
 with the Ferguson baby tonight?
 - Well, I am?
 - Of course, you promised.
 - Well, gee, I don't like to argue, father, but no, I didn't.
 What your father means is he promised for you.
 But father, don't you think you should have told me before I raised Kathleen's hopes about going to the movies?
 Henry, I did tell you. I called you through the bathroom door this morning.
 Father, I give you my word. I didn't hear you.
 That'll teach you not to take a shower at the top of your lungs.
 But I...
 Henry, you'll be getting paid 25 cents an hour.
 Who wants money?
 Well, I must say that's a novel attitude.
 Yeah, the Ferguson's are counting on your babysitting for them tonight so that they can play bridge with us.
 Well couldn't they get someone else?
 Now dear you know sitters are almost impossible to get now a day.
 But Kathleen's looking forward to seeing Walter Pigeon die twice.
 Twice?
 Sure.
 Wants himself and wants his son.
 So do you think it's fair to deprive her of an experience like that?
 Henry you can go another time.
 But this is the last night it's playing and
 gee right this minute Kathleen's out there in the hall hanging in midair.
 Henry just explained the situation to her. She'll understand.
 There isn't a thing that can't be explained if it's done intelligent.
 I know, but father...
 Henry, I've given my word to the Ferguson's and the least you can do is to keep it.
 No, dear, hadn't you better get back to Kathleen.
 Yes, mother.
 But, gee, I don't know how she'll take being done out of water pigeon two nights in a row.
 I'm sure she'll survive.
 Hello? Kathleen?
 Henry, I've been thinking, why are we trying to make the early show?
 In case there are some good parts you want to see over.
 Uh, some good parts to see over? Well, I'll tell you.
 Mr. I started putting on my coat.
 Well, Kathleen, don't you think seeing Walter Pigeon die four times in one night might be overdoing it?
 What's that?
 Well, Gia, a thing like that could depress you for weeks.
 Henry, are you packing out again?
 Kathleen, I'm not backing out exactly.
 Henry, you don't have to explain.
 Kathleen, I don't own you.
 Kathleen, it's just that I have an obligation to a member of my family.
 Oh.
 Oh, why?
 I understand.
 You do?
 Certainly.
 If your assistant Mary wants you to walk her girlfriend Daisy Harper home again, why
 natural you can't be rude?
 Kathleen in connection with Daisy that night, can I explain one thing?
 That's alright Henry.
 Maybe Charlie Clark isn't as busy tonight as you are.
 Charlie Clark?
 No, wait a minute.
 Kathleen, wait a minute.
 Look, suppose I take another crack at my father.
 You mean about going to the movie?
 Sure.
 Was there isn't anything that can't be explained if it's done intelligently?
 Sam, did Henry leave for the Ferguson's yet?
 Yes, Alice, about ten minutes ago.
 Well, dear, I just want you to know I think you were right in being firm with him.
 Thank you, Alice.
 But, dear, it wasn't entirely Henry's fault he didn't hear you tell him about babysitting.
 sitting. We're the ones who've insisted that he take a shower every morning.
 No, Alice.
 Sam, it certainly wouldn't have hurt to let him talk you out of it,
 intelligent way.
 But, dear.
 Why couldn't we call the Ferguson's and more or less suggest that we play
 bridge over there?
 Alice, we can't do that. And besides, I gave Henry permission to get a
 substitute, didn't I?
 Well, if the Ferguson's couldn't get anybody else to sit, how can Henry?
 Although, Sam, I think I know the very person.
 Who? Miss Hotchkiss.
 Miss Hotchkiss?
 You remember her dear, the nice little girl who used to sit with Henry.
 Alice, that was 15 years ago.
 I don't think we should overlook anyone, I'll phone her.
 Very well, Alice, if it'll help matters.
 You remember I'll number her?
 It's in the old address book in the telephone table here.
 Number, please.
 Just a moment, operator.
 See, Hotchkiss, Hotchkiss.
 Here it is.
 L-9-1-1.
 L-9-1-1.
 Alice!
 Yes, Sam?
 If you can't get Miss Hotchkiss, I know someone with a call.
 Who, dear?
 Hello.
 Hello, Miss Hotchkiss?
 Miss Hotchkiss.
 Why, yes, I used to be.
 You did?
 This is Mrs. Aldrich.
 Henry's mother?
 Yes.
 Well, my goodness.
 Hello.
 It's been so long.
 How's the baby?
 The baby?
 Why, he's fine.
 I still have that picture you gave me of him.
 Oh, he looks so cute lying there on that bear skin rug.
 Yes.
 Does he still giggle when you tickle him under the chin?
 To tell you the truth, I don't know.
 The reason I called, do you still do sitting?
 Oh yes, but it's with my own baby now.
 Your married? Congratulations when did it happen?
 Oh, ten years ago. Do you have another baby Mrs. Aldridge?
 Oh no, we stopped with Henry.
 It's for a friend.
 Well, I know somebody who might possibly be interested.
 You do?
 Although I'm not sure she's free tonight.
 Well, if she is, would you send it to Mrs. Ferguson's 97-seater road?
 All right, but don't count on it, Mrs. Allridge. Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Can you call Malice?
 No, Sam, and she didn't sound too encouraging about getting anybody else.
 In that case, let me have the phone.
 Number, please.
 Elm 227.
 Elm 227.
 Sam, why are you calling my sister Harriet?
 She's always said, Henry, is her favorite nephew.
 Now's a good time for her to prove it.
 Hello.
 Hello there, Harriet. This is Sam.
 It is? Well, hello.
 Hello.
 Sam Hall.
 Sam Allrich, your brother-in-law.
 Oh, that's Sam.
 Yes?
 Harriet, er...
 Harriet, we have a bit of a problem.
 Yes?
 Yes.
 You see, we invited Mr. and Mrs. Ferguson to play bridge tonight, and...
 Well, I was wondering if you could help out.
 I'd be glad to.
 You would?
 Of course, my bridge is as good as my casino, but I'll do the best I can.
 What's that?
 My goodness, do you realize this is the first time you've invited me to one of your bridge evenings, since you got married?
 Harriet?
 I'll be dressed in over there before you know it.
 Goodbye.
 Harriet, wait!
 You don't understand. Harriet?
 Well, that's a fine thing.
 Sam, is she going to do it?
 No.
 And Alice, where can we dig up three more hands?
 Well, that's a nice boy, Stevie. Just sit there.
 Hello? Hello, operator.
 I'm ringing your number.
 Well, could you please hurry? I don't think Stevie's too happy here on the couch.
 Oh, sir!
 Stevie, the baby.
 He wouldn't let me leave his room, so I had to bring him in here while I made the call.
 I'll ring your party again.
 Thanks.
 Nice, Stevie. You're doing fine.
 Hey, don't pull the fringe off that pillow.
 Colony Theater, Mr. Harris, the manager's speaking.
 Mr. Harris, this is Henry the oldridge.
 Henry, I'm busy taking tickets. What is it?
 Mr. Harris, what time does your last show start?
 - Nine five. - As soon as that?
 - That's right. - Mr. Harris,
 how do you feel about children?
 - I like them. - Gee, that's swell.
 - Although they're awfully messy at Saturday matinees.
 - Yeah, well look, how would you feel
 if a gentleman was to bring one tonight
 provided he was accompanied by a very reliable
 young lady named Kathleen Anderson?
 - Tonight, how old is this child?
 - Well, Gee, he must be at least as old as six.
 - Years? - Months.
 - Months. Goodbye, Henry.
 - Goodbye, Henry.
 - But Mr. Harris, wait, Kathleen,
 is anxious to see Walter Pridge
 and grow up to be his own son.
 - Where does that happen?
 - Well, right in your own theater.
 - You don't say.
 - Yeah, and she's waiting for me
 to pick her right up this very minute.
 - What's that, Mr. Dannams?
 Just drop your tickets in the box.
 Henry, I have to hang up, goodbye.
 - But Mr. Harris, well, gee, what?
 - Say Henry.
 - Homer, is that you?
 - Sure, my mother said you phone
 and said something about a movie.
 I'll say I did Homer, you've got to help me out.
 I'd be glad to.
 You will, boy.
 What's playing?
 What?
 Aren't you inviting me to the movies?
 No, Homer, what I want you to do is save my life
 and make 25 cents an hour at the same time.
 That sounds like a nice arrangement.
 What do I have to do?
 Sit.
 That's all?
 Sure.
 And keep an occasional eye on Stevie over there.
 That baby?
 Sure, will you do it?
 I'm sorry, him, but I have to think of the 440.
 What 440?
 that I'm running in our first indoor track meet tomorrow.
 - You're running in a track meet?
 - What's so incredible about that?
 I'm on the team.
 - Homer, you're water boy.
 - Not anymore.
 Toby Smith broke his ankle,
 and then Butch Welch failed his English exam,
 and the coach said the fates were against him anyway,
 and put me in.
 So I feel it's my duty to get all asleep I can.
 - But Homer, you were willing to go to the movie.
 - Can we the movies aware I sleep best?
 - I know only--
 I've never run as far as 440 yards in my life. I'll need all my strength.
 But what am I going to do about Kathleen Anderson and Walter Pigeon?
 Why don't you take a run down to the Havens and get one of the other kids to sit for you?
 You mean you'll stay here with a baby while I do?
 Why?
 Homer, you're a real pal.
 When Henry, I'm no good at taking care of babies.
 That's the beautiful part, Homer. Stevie practically takes care of himself. So long.
 Well, Gee whiz.
 Well, what could we forget about--
 - Kuchiko Stevie, Kuchiko, look at Uncle Homer.
 (screaming)
 - Oh boy, don't cry Stevie, don't cry.
 Here play with my tie.
 You like that?
 - No wait a minute Stevie, let go of my nose.
 Don't you let go.
 - Oh boy, Stevie my nose is nothing to play with.
 How about a doll?
 Look at the funny face, Stevie.
 [SINGING]
 Stevie, would you like some music?
 Would you like me to play the player piano?
 Would you just wait while Uncle Homer sits down?
 You'll hear the pretty music.
 [SINGING]
 Well, Gee whiz, it worked.
 Come to me my melancholy baby, coddle.
 Well friends, here's a cheerful theme song coming up, "Jello for dessert"
 dessert, and say ever try jello pineapple mounds, you love them.
 Just dissolve one package of strawberry jello in two cups of hot can pineapple juice.
 Turn into individual molds and chill firm.
 Then unmold each one on top a slice of pineapple, grand looking, grand eating.
 For all six jello flavors, strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime, taste so
 rich and good they make you think of the real ripe fruit itself.
 for Jell-O, America's favorite gelatin dessert.
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry invited Kathleen to the movies tonight and then learned that Mr. Aldrich had volunteered
 Henry's services as a babysitter.
 Now both Henry and his parents are trying desperately to dig up a substitute.
 The scene opens at Aunt Harriet's house.
 It is later that evening.
 Well, come in, Sam.
 Hello, Harriet.
 Sam, you didn't have to rush over for me.
 I was just leaving.
 Yes.
 Well, the reason I came, Harriet.
 The reason I came.
 Sam, you're perspiring.
 Yes, I know.
 Harriet, when I phoned you tonight, you thought I meant bridge.
 What I actually phoned about was Henry.
 Henry?
 Your nephew.
 Henry's playing with us?
 No, that is, we're not playing at all.
 that is you're not other than is yes and well you mean you don't want me to
 play bridge no that is yes that is it isn't that we don't want to Harriet
 that's quite all right Sam I understand not Harriet don't get insulted I'm not
 insulted I can take criticism Sam no matter how wrong it is Harriet here's the
 deck of cards Sam now deal them out and just show me what's wrong with the way I
 I play bridge. Really Harry. Sam Aldrich deal.
 Henry, please stand to one side of the lobby you're blocking the theatre, Enthry.
 But Mr. Harris. No, Henry. I won't run the news reel over twice and that's final.
 But I haven't been able to find anyone to replace home or how I ever get Kathleen here on time.
 I'm sorry, Henry, but I've had a hard day too.
 Sure, but--
 Where's my ticket-taker, God's sick?
 Then the porter doesn't show up and I have to back him to lobby myself.
 And then to top everything the popcorn machine started throwing popcorn all over the plate.
 Well, look, could you tell me what time the earthquake starts?
 Earthquake?
 There's one do?
 Sure, it's the way the picture opens.
 Oh.
 And right in the middle of it, Walter Pigeon dies for the first time.
 Wouldn't you know it?
 The first time in six years we've had an earthquake and I can't even get into my own theater to
 see it.
 Oh, I'll be darned.
 There's Willy.
 Excuse me. I'd be glad to. Ouch!
 Oh, she was. What now?
 Who hit me in the neck with this piece of popcorn?
 Well, I'll be... I thought I had that machine fixed.
 Willy? Hiya, Willy, old-timer.
 Hi, Henry!
 Willy, how would you like to save my life?
 Well, that'll all depend.
 I promise, Kathleen, I take her to the movies tonight, see?
 And now I've got to sit with this baby.
 Well, in that case, I'd be glad to save your life.
 You would, Willy. How much?
 Oh, gee, I couldn't think of charging you.
 You wouldn't.
 You know, Willie, you're a changed man since you fell off that diving board this summer.
 Well, gee, Liz, why should I charge you for taking Kathleen to the movies?
 Kathleen!
 Willie, what I want you to do is sit with the Ferguson baby.
 Oh, in that case, it's 50 cents an hour.
 50?
 Henry, I do a professional job of babysitting.
 What do you mean?
 Well, I've got all kinds of things to keep my clients quiet.
 I've got bells, I've got a toy dog that barks, and all that doesn't shut 'em up.
 I've also got a hammer.
 Willie.
 A rubber one for them to bang on their crib with.
 Well, okay, I'm in no position to argue. 50 cents.
 It's a deal, shake, shake, shake.
 And while I'm picking up my equipment, you can pick up Dar's towns.
 What for?
 I've got a date with her and I might as well combine business with pleasure.
 But, Willie, I have to pick up Kathleen.
 Why not tell her to meet you here at the theater?
 I guess I could do that.
 Sure, then after you've your phone Kathleen and picked up Dar's, you can swing around by behaving and pick me up a quart of ice cream.
 What?
 - But willy, Henry, I'm bending over backwards,
 to do you a favor.
 But gee whiz, I didn't even ask you,
 they've got a television set.
 (upbeat music)
 ♪ So smile my honey dear ♪
 ♪ Well I can't as a way each dear ♪
 ♪ For else I will be milling collie too ♪
 ♪ She was Stevie, can I quit now ♪
 That's the tenth time I played that role.
 Stevie?
 Oh boy, thank goodness.
 (vocalizing)
 ♪ Come to me, my milling collie baby ♪
 ♪ I'm a little up and don't feel blue ♪
 - My goodness, Sam, this is much more fun
 than Casino, isn't it?
 Now, let's see.
 You bid, Mr. Ferguson, and you bid Mrs. Ferguson,
 and my partner, be it right, Sam.
 So I say one heart.
 Oh, no, I can't, can I?
 Mr. Ferguson said two clubs.
 In that case, I say two spades.
 No, two diamonds.
 No?
 Sam, is it against the rules for you
 to lean over and look at my hand?
 [Music]
 Here's your ice cream, Henry, a quart of tooty fruity.
 Thanks, Mr. Dehaven.
 Boy, I wonder what's keeping Doris Townsend
 I found her nearly ten minutes ago
 and told her to meet me here.
 Henry!
 Hello there, Kathleen.
 Oh, she was.
 Henry, I waited for you for nearly fifteen minutes
 in front of the colony.
 Do you realize the second show has already started?
 Gee, Kathleen, are you sure?
 Positive, let's go, let's go!
 Kathleen, I can't go yet.
 What? Why not?
 Well, you see, it's like this.
 Henry, I demand to know why you're standing me up this time.
 Kathleen, you're backing me right into the hot water bottles.
 Mary!
 Yes, Mr. Dehayman.
 Darris Townsend just phoned and said she won't be meeting you here.
 Oh!
 She and Willie are going to the movie.
 The movies, but Willie's supposed to be sitting with a baby.
 So Darris Townsend is the reason you're standing me up.
 What?
 Wait a minute, Kathleen.
 In connection with Doris, could I explain one thing?
 - Don't bother, it's perfectly clear.
 Good night, Henry Aldrich.
 - Whoops.
 - Homer Brown, don't you have a look where you're going?
 - Kathleen!
 - Okay, put up your dupes, Henry.
 Put up your dupes.
 - Homer, what are you doing here?
 - Well, my legs are just one big Charlie whore.
 - You got a Homer?
 - I had a pump my way through melancholy baby 12 times.
 - Homer, listen.
 - I won't even be able to walk for 140 yards,
 much less or on it. But Homer, if you're not with Stevie and Willy's not with Stevie,
 who is?
 [MUSIC]
 Else I will be melancholy too.
 [MUSIC]
 There you are Stevie. How was that?
 >> Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad.
 >> Is that your Mrs. Ferguson?
 Gee whiz father, are you the babysitter?
 Yes, Henry.
 Well, what about your bridge game?
 Henry, your Aunt Harriet came over to play bridge and...
 Well, since I got you into this, I felt it was my duty to get you out.
 But where's Willie? Why didn't he-
 I sent him away.
 You did?
 Gee whiz father, I promised him 50 cents an hour. You know Willie he'll sue.
 No, he won't. I've already settled out of court.
 Why aren't you and Kathleen at the movies?
 Oh, I don't know, Father.
 All of a sudden, Walter Pigeon just lost his appeal for me.
 You know what I mean?
 I think so.
 So, now you can go home.
 Oh.
 I'll stay with Stevie.
 Thanks very much, Bonnie.
 Uh, Henry, as long as you're missing the picture,
 maybe the only fair thing for me to do it to see it myself.
 You, Father?
 Yes, and let you know how it all comes out.
 But you'll miss your bridge game with Ann Harrien.
 I know.
 Good night, son.
 Uh, I'm sorry that your evening turned out as it did.
 Well, gee, why be sorry.
 I mean, boy, if Kathleen's gonna jump
 a conclusion in his all her life,
 well, I'm sure glad I found out while I'm still young.
 - Yes? - Sure.
 I can live without her.
 She doesn't own me.
 - Not yet.
 Good night, Henry.
 - Good night, Father.
 - And if Stevie wants more music,
 you'd better find another song for him.
 Melon Colley, baby, is about shot.
 (door slams)
 - Well, go, go, go.
 Come on Stevie, I'll take you back to your room.
 Here we go.
 Boy Stevie, you don't know how well off you are.
 - Bye bye, dog.
 - No school, no babies to mine, no girls.
 Boy, when you grow up Stevie, take my advice.
 Don't have anything to do with girls.
 (
 She was I wonder who's at the door I'll be right back Stevie
 Hello, hello do the Ferguson's live here. Oh, yeah
 I'm Pearl Pearl my aunt set me up here to set with a baby. You're in? Yes miss Hotchkiss
 Are you Henry?
 Yeah
 Come on in
 My aunt showed me your picture. She did yes
 "My, you've changed!"
 "I have?"
 "I should say."
 "Well, I guess you can go now if you want to."
 "Go?"
 "Didn't you want someone to take your place so you could go somewhere?"
 "Sure, but, gee, there's no place for me to go now."
 "Oh, well, I guess it was all a false alarm."
 "You're not going, are you?"
 "Don't you think I should?"
 "Why, uh, say as long as you're here, why don't we both sit down?"
 Why don't we both sit with Stevie and split the fee?
 - Well...
 - May I offer you a seat, Pearl?
 - Hi, thank you.
 - Oh, Gee, was I better see who else is at the door?
 - All right.
 And do you think we need all this life?
 - Oh, boy.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's not disturb the baby.
 - Kathleen!
 - Come on, Henry.
 - Kathleen, what are you doing here?
 - Henry, can you ever forgive me?
 - Forgive you?
 Ask your mother, call my folks and ask if they wouldn't like to join them in a game of casino at your house.
 And Henry I talked to her and she explained the whole thing.
 She did.
 Yes, so I came right over to apologize.
 That's fine Kathleen, only.
 Henry I'm just as ashamed of myself as I can be.
 The way I get jealous for no good reason.
 Oh, you've got good reason.
 I mean...
 I don't know him.
 No, but...
 Henry, we won't have to miss that Walter Pigeon picture after all.
 Mr. Harris got so interested he's holding it over next to day so he can see it himself.
 Well, that's fine Kathleen only.
 And Henry, to show there's no hard feelings,
 I'm going to keep you company to the Ferguson's get home.
 What? No Kathleen.
 No.
 You got your gun to let me in?
 Sure, sure, only Kathleen.
 Yes, Henry.
 In connection with Pearl,
 could I explain one thing?
 (audience applauding)
 (applause)
 Put up your dukes, Henry Oldrich. Put up your dukes.
 But home wearing out my track legs, doing your babysitting.
 Put 'em up, Henry.
 Homer, let's try to act like sensible human beings.
 Put 'em up, I say.
 Homer, can't we see eye to eye on the situation?
 Oh, no, Henry, oh, no.
 Say, wait a minute boys, here's a situation you'll see eye to eye about, and that's
 jello puddings.
 Because when it comes to jello puddings, everybody always agrees they're the best desserts yet.
 Yep, you never tasted anything better than jello, chocolate, butter, scotch, and vanilla
 pudding.
 A trio of treats.
 Their smoothest cream, rich and distinctive, chuck full of old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 Jello puddings made with milk are nourishing, and they cook to velvety perfection in just
 about five minutes.
 So no wonder more people buy "jello" puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 [Music]
 Friends, this is United Nations Week.
 A national week set aside for discussing and learning about the vitally important work
 of the UN in its effort to secure permanent world peace and security.
 Every decision and action of the United Nations affects your daily life.
 So do your part, friends, by becoming acquainted with this vast program for world betterment,
 by believing in it, by working for it.
 Remember, we can work it out together, or fight it out alone.
 The All-Rich Family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer, is written
 by Norman Tokar and Ed Juris with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are House Jamison and Katherine Roth.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying,
 "The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 (
 [Music]
 Listen again next Thursday, same time, same station to another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich family.
 [Music]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 [bell]
 (chiming)
 [buzzing]
