 And now the Jell-O family presents...
 Henry... Henry Olgrich!
 Coming, mother!
 Yes, it's the Oldridge family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith
 and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kelka's home.
 And yes, it's the Jell-O family with its three famous desserts.
 Jell-O in those six delicious flavors, regular Jell-O puddings,
 with that old-fashioned homemade flavor, and Jell-O tapioca puddings,
 a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 Oh, the big red letters stand for the jello family
 Oh, the big red letters stand for the jello family
 That's jello, yum yum yum
 Jello puddings, yum yum yum
 Jello tat the ode of puddings, yes sir
 And now for the Aldridge family
 [Music]
 A typical teenage boy like Henry Aldrich lives in a world all his own.
 A very special world which adults can only understand and enter when they remember their own youth.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich bedroom. It is early morning.
 morning. Alice! What now Sam? I can't find my socks. Now they are calmed down. But I can't go to
 Washington DC without my socks. It wouldn't be dignified. You've already packed them. I have? Oh,
 how about my ties? I know I didn't pack them. They're right there on the bed beside your suitcase.
 Oh, yeah. Say why do we have to pack now? Our train doesn't leave until six o'clock. Alice,
 this is one trip we're going to start in an orderly fashion. That's the trouble with women.
 They never do things systematically. Where are my handkerchiefs? In your top drawer.
 Mother!
 Father!
 Oh dear, Henry, what's wrong?
 Nothing!
 I just don't weigh enough!
 [laughter]
 Did he say "way"?
 I'd better go see what's wrong.
 No, Alice, you haven't started to do your own packing.
 I'll go.
 Very well said.
 And while you're packing, will you look onto the bureau for my other slipper?
 Now, Henry, what's the trouble?
 I can't get this darn thing closed.
 Henry, what are you doing with that steamer trunk?
 Gee whiz, packing it.
 So would you be willing to give me a hand and help me sit on my lid?
 Hepney may I remind you we're only going to Washington for a week. We're not moving there permanently
 I know it may look like I'm taking an awful lot father
 But I give you my word all I've packed is the everyday necessities of life. You don't say sure
 Would you mind lifting the lid?
 Lifting it so I can examine the necessities of life
 But father if I lift it things will start popping out all over the place
 I'm gonna have to carry my pajama bottoms in my overcoat pocket as is
 Good father. Yes, sir
 Well father before you say I would hardly call a baseball glove one of the necessities of life
 But gee whiz no one's ever been able to do it do what?
 Catch a ball thrown from the top of the Washington Monument
 Don't you think I owe it to my country to at least try and re get rid of it, but father also get rid of this hunting knife
 But I'll need that for.
 I hardly think so from what I've heard the hauntings pretty lean in Washington these days.
 But suppose I want a sharp and a pencil.
 Henry, please pack all your things in one suitcase.
 But father, I won't fit.
 You will if you forget the necessities of life and take just the luxuries,
 like socks and shirts and underwear.
 Sam, will you please answer the phone?
 Yes, Alice. Now hurry, Henry.
 But I don't know how I'll ever manage.
 You don't organize things properly.
 Alice, did you find my other slipper?
 Yes, and I packed both your razors.
 Why, too?
 A deal you always need one on the train.
 You need one to leave in the hotel.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hello.
 Sam, this is Will Brown and Sam.
 Homo won't need his longies, Willy.
 That's what?
 Longies, Sam.
 Longies.
 Elizabeth says he'll need them in Washington,
 and I know he won't.
 Washington?
 Homer's going to--
 So what do you say, Sam?
 Pack them or don't pack them?
 Sam.
 Are you there?
 Yes, Will.
 I'm here.
 What do you say, Sam?
 Say?
 About longies.
 Why?
 Suppose you ask Alice and call me back.
 Yes, Will.
 I'll call you back.
 Goodbye.
 And Sam, I certainly want to thank you,
 but taking home her along.
 You don't know what this means to our family.
 Yes.
 Goodbye, Will.
 Enryme.
 He went up to the attic for Mary suitcase.
 When he comes down, tell him I want to speak to him.
 Sam, you sound upset.
 - What's that, Alice?
 That was Will Brown on the phone.
 - Oh, yes.
 How is he?
 - Jubilently happy.
 - He is?
 - I would be too if Homer were my son
 and I thought I was packing him off to Washington for a week.
 (audience laughing)
 - Sam, may I explain one thing about that?
 - Then you knew, Alice?
 - Sam, please sit down.
 - Yes, Alice.
 I'm seated.
 - Well, you see, dear?
 - Yes, Alice?
 - Well, you see Henry in Homer
 talked a whole thing over, but it wasn't entirely Henry's fault.
 You don't say it.
 Now, Sam, it was only natural for them to say how nice it would be if Homer could go.
 And I agreed with them and...
 Do you know how the Browns jump at conclusions?
 I see.
 But that's the whole story, Sam.
 I see.
 May I stand up now?
 Yes, dear.
 Not suppose you sit down.
 But dear...
 Alice?
 Yes, Sam, I'm seated.
 Alice, before I begin, I'd like to make one thing clear.
 I have nothing against Homer.
 I'm really very fond of him, under it all, way down deep.
 But this is more than a business trip.
 I've been looking forward to it as a welcome change.
 Yes, sir.
 And one of the most welcome changes
 was going to be an entire week without Homer.
 Now that doesn't sound unreasonable, does it?
 No, sir.
 Besides, Alice, you don't realize all the trouble I went to
 to get the train tickets and make hotel reservations.
 I simply can't go through all that again.
 Dear, I admit it was probably a mistake, but the thing is Henry's God's heart set on Homer going with us.
 And you just have to once set it.
 Letting Homer come along would be like taking your mother-in-law on your honeymoon.
 Sam Aldrich, there's absolutely no comparison.
 Homer, let's not argue. Pack those longies.
 What father, they tickled me.
 They tickled me too.
 But your mother showed me a map and it's just as far north as it is south.
 My longies are?
 No, Washington.
 I can't get them in my suitcase.
 Sure you can if you pack intelligently.
 What father?
 Let me at that suitcase.
 Now we'll take some of this stuff on the bottom and put it on the back.
 Oh my, what's this?
 My rattlesnake.
 What?
 He stuffed father.
 Homer, what makes you think Mr. Orleans will take both you and a stuffed rattlesnake?
 But I'm gonna donate it to the Smithsonian Institute. He's an antique.
 Now, Homer.
 Sure he is. She was, I've had him nearly five years myself.
 Homer, are you in your room?
 Sure, Hen.
 Now, Homer, remember what I said. Don't forget your longies.
 Hi, Homer. Oh, time.
 Hi, Hen. Boy, you came just at the right time. Could you help me close this bag?
 Well Homer... Every time I try to sit on the lid it proctopy fills me over the end of the bed.
 Hm-hmm. Something I have to tell you. Yeah, why?
 Well, first I have a little something for you. For me? Sure. My honey knife.
 Gee, you're giving me that? Sure old pal.
 And Gee, when you think of my father, just remember he's been working pretty hard lately.
 He has. And Gee was. Homer, I give you my word.
 Underneath it all he really likes you. He does. Underneath it all.
 Henry old timer. Yes, Homer old pal. Look me in the eye. There. Now tell me the truth. Is something wrong?
 I'll say there is. Homer, you're not going with us. Oh, oh, oh. Homer, don't take it that.
 - That way. - One way.
 She was on her taking it anyway.
 - You're not? - She was just because
 I've been looking forward.
 I mean, it isn't so tragic.
 Look at me.
 I'm smiling.
 - You are? - I'm not.
 - Sure you are, Homer.
 And why don't you sit down
 while I unpack your rattlesnake for you?
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Henry, is that you?
 - Yes, mother, it's I, all right.
 - Here you look terrible.
 Go in the kitchen and have a banana.
 (audience laughs)
 - A banana?
 - It'll cheer you up.
 - Mother, I give you my word.
 I couldn't force a thing down my throat.
 And mother.
 - Yes, dear.
 - I know you've been looking forward
 to all of us seeing Washington together,
 But would you mind very much if I didn't go?
 - Now Henry.
 - She was, what's the capital of our country without Homer?
 (audience laughs)
 - You don't want to make your father feel badly, do you?
 - Father, it's Homer that can't go.
 - But that's why your father feels badly.
 Just because he doesn't come out and say so
 doesn't mean he isn't terribly upset by the whole thing.
 - Mother, are you still talking about my father?
 - Yes, Henry.
 He simply happens to be the kind of man
 who has more character than we have and can hide his feelings.
 She was, is that right?
 Of course.
 Then why doesn't he just say, "Sure Homer can go with us
 and stop suffering?"
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, I can't keep a fine mark.
 Oh.
 Sam, I'm having a talk with Henry,
 and he understands, don't you, Henry?
 Yes, mother and father, I'm certainly sorry you feel so awful.
 I?
 And from now on, I won't mention the subject again.
 Oh, this whole on earth was all that about.
 Dear, I was just explaining to Henry that it's your place to make the decision
 and that whatever you decide will be what you think is for the best.
 Well, thank you, Alice, for seeing my side.
 Was that the song?
 Yes.
 Well, dear, why don't you answer it?
 I'd like to finish packing.
 Sam, I'll be only too glad to finish for you.
 Alice, I'd much rather...
 I'm sure it's for you.
 You are?
 That is, I have a feeling at my feet.
 Hello?
 Hello, Sam. This is Harriet.
 Who?
 Harriet, your wife's sister.
 Oh, yes, Harriet?
 Bon voyage.
 A mega pardon?
 Bon voyage, Sam.
 Bon voyage!
 On your trip to Washington.
 Thank you, Harriet.
 And Sam, let me tell you.
 When you first started courting Alice,
 I was the only one in our entire family
 who stood up for you and said you weren't.
 Word what?
 Stubborn.
 And I don't think you're really being stubborn now.
 You just happened not to have it
 from the standpoint of your patriotic duty.
 Harriet, I don't see--
 Sam, every red-blooded American boy
 should be given the opportunity to see
 the capital of his country at least once in his lifetime.
 Harriet, just what red-buttered American boy are you referring to?
 Why, er, anyone?
 I see.
 Harriet, let me tell you something.
 You were wrong.
 Wrong.
 I am stubborn.
 I'm as stubborn as they come.
 And Homer is not going with us, and that's that.
 I see.
 Well, that's still no excuse for insulting my mother, Sam Aldrich.
 Your mother?
 She never went on anyone's honeymoon, and you know it.
 [Music]
 Hello?
 Hello, am I speaking to Harold Green?
 Yeah, who's this?
 Will Brown over in Centerville, Harold?
 Oh, hello, Will. We were delighted to get your notes
 so you could come out for the weekend.
 Yes. Well, Harold, that's why I called.
 And don't forget to bring your golf clubs, Will.
 Golf clubs? No, no, I won't forget.
 And look, do you mind if I bring Homer too?
 Homer?
 Yes.
 Your son?
 Yes.
 He caddies for me all the time you see and I just thought...
 But well, I thought Homer was going to Washington with the Aldrages.
 I thought so too, but now it seems they can't take him.
 So we're stuck with him, we can't very well leave him alone all weekend.
 Well, in that case, naturally bring him along.
 You don't mind?
 Not at all.
 There won't be any other youngsters around, though.
 - Not at all.
 - That's the way we planned this weekend.
 No youngsters, just adults.
 - Oh.
 - But bring 'em along, Will.
 We'll find something he can do.
 - Sure, that's one thing about Homer.
 You can hand him a magazine and then forget about him.
 - Sure.
 What made Sam change his mind about taking him to Washington?
 - Well, you know how much trouble an extra boy can be.
 - Homer, trouble?
 - Well, Homer.
 Isn't only that, naturally, it's...
 Well, I just checked the ticket office myself,
 and there isn't a birth to be had on the train Sam's taking.
 But will I?
 And Homer's so disappointed about the whole thing
 that I'm sure if we brought him up to your place,
 it might help to cheer him up.
 But will, wait, wait, wait.
 Why should Homer be disappointed?
 Let's sit down and think.
 (upbeat music)
 Hello.
 Hello, Homer, goodbye.
 What's that?
 This is Agnes.
 Goodbye, kid, and have a nice trip.
 But Agnes.
 Boy, when I think of you being awake for a whole week, boy, I don't know how I'll stand
 it.
 But that's just it, Agnes.
 I'll be miserable at the dance Saturday night.
 Look, about the dance.
 Forget it, kids.
 What's being miserable compared to you and Washington expanding your mind?
 But that's it, Agnes.
 I've suddenly decided not to go.
 I've been thinking about it and gee what's Washington?
 I mean it's a place everybody's dying to go to sure, but what is it?
 Homer tell me the truth why aren't you going?
 Well Agnes have you tried getting on a train lately?
 Boy and hotels, hotels Agnes.
 What about them?
 Gee they're worse than trains.
 Besides there's my schoolwork.
 You don't think I could leave my education for a week with a free mind.
 Isn't Henry leaving here?
 Sure, but he has official permission from Mr. Bradley.
 So I guess I'll be taking you to the dance
 Saturday night after all.
 The dance?
 How can you?
 I've got a heavy date with Charlie Clark.
 What?
 You are standing me up to--
 Hey, you're home.
 Mama, we'll figure out something.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Boy, I'm your old pal.
 Have I got good news for you?
 I'm going to Washington.
 Not exactly.
 But I've arranged a swell weekend for you.
 You're staying with my Aunt Harriene.
 - Why?
 - Gee, you'll have a swell time.
 You can play cribbage with her
 and watch her do needle point.
 - Now listen, and you'll be a big help to her too.
 - See, what with her rheumatism acting up
 against she can hardly lift a thing.
 - Yeah.
 - How does that sound?
 - Terrible.
 (audience laughing)
 - But Homer, when I suggested it to your father,
 he thought it was a great idea.
 - He did.
 If your folks can unload you on my Aunt Harry if they can go up to the Greens for the weekend
 Homer
 You don't want me my parents don't want me Agnes doesn't want me okay, okay?
 Okay, but if you think I'm gonna stay home with your Aunt Harry it's rheumatism while you're having the time of your life in Washington
 You're crazy. Oh, I'm just never mind feeling sorry for me. Goodbye Henry Aldrich. Homer. You're shoving me up
 - Oh, here. - What's this?
 - You're a hunting knife. You can't bribe me.
 - Listen, Homer. - And here's that key chain
 you gave me for Christmas.
 It only cost a quarter anyway.
 - But Homer-- - Besides that fall-leaf clover
 on it never brought me luck anyway.
 Goodbye.
 - Homer, Homer, you're not listening to reason.
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 And now it's time to listen to a little reason from Meredith Wilson and his talking people.
 "Inermission, inermission shall we dance?"
 Now wait a minute here.
 "Jello, bono, tapioca, jello, tapioca, jello orange, that means orange, coco, but..."
 Well, I guess you could take over any intermission singing about jello tapioca puddings.
 Well, we accept the compliment.
 And now back to the audience.
 Hey, hey, wait a minute here.
 If we didn't tell everybody that Jellotapioca puddings
 are a marvel of goodness and a miracle of speed,
 we would be derelict in our duties to the public.
 Wow.
 Yes.
 Whatever we do, let's don't be whatever that was you said.
 OK.
 And why are Jellotapioca puddings a marvel of goodness?
 Because of three wonderful flavors--
 chocolate, vanilla, and orange.
 That means orange coconut.
 I know what it means.
 And why are jello tapioca puddings a miracle of speed?
 Because they cooked a perfection in just about five minutes.
 And what is your favorite polka?
 The tap, leooca polka, jello, vanilla tapioca, jello
 chocolate tapioca, jello orange.
 That means orange coconut.
 And now back to the Aldrich family.
 Yes, getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Mr. Aldrich has made it clear
 that taking Homer on the family's trip to Washington
 is an impossibility.
 Unfortunately for Mr. Aldrich,
 neither Henry nor Mrs. Aldrich nor Mr. Brown,
 nor a good many other people in San Diego
 seem to understand his point of view.
 The scene opens in Mr. Aldrich's office.
 It is later the same afternoon.
 Take a letter, Miss Thompson.
 Yes, Mr. Aldrich.
 Frankly, I'm a little surprised to see you in the office today.
 Well, I thought it might be a good idea to get out of the house.
 And well, if I go to Washington with unfinished business
 hanging over you.
 Yes, Mr. Aldrich.
 Take a letter to Mr. J.B. Fletcher, home industries
 development corporation, dear Homer.
 Dear who?
 A Fletcher, dear Mr. Fletcher.
 The years of the 18th received and I can readily understand the difficulties involved in changing your entire suitcase.
 Entire what?
 Filing system.
 However, I feel that once the facts have been weighed and is stand taken,
 it is unwise to listen to those who may not be as familiar with the many sides of the problem as you are.
 Yours truly Samuel Orridge. That makes sense, does it, Ms. Thompson?
 Yes, Mr. Orridge. Although, have you ever thought of it this way?
 Two boys are a lot easier to entertain than one.
 Now, just a moment, Ms. Thompson.
 But with just a suggestion, Mr. O'Brien.
 - I've had all the suggestions I can use.
 Thank you.
 Come in.
 - Am I interrupting, Mr. O'Brien?
 - Oh, no, Mr. Bradley.
 Come in.
 - Thank you.
 - Mr. Thompson, suppose you get that letter off.
 - Oh, yes, Mr. O'Brien.
 Good one.
 - I can only stay a minute.
 I was on my way home and just dropped in to say
 that as far as the school is concerned,
 we have no objection.
 - I beg your pardon.
 - I'm sure a trip to Washington will do
 Homer a great deal of good,
 and it certainly can't do the school any harm.
 [laughter]
 Now, just a moment, Mr. Bradley, I have nothing against Homer Brown.
 But this is one trip I'm going on alone with just my family.
 You mean Homer's not going?
 Definitely not.
 Well, I didn't mean to fear that he's...
 I got the idea from Agnes that all that was necessary was my official permission.
 Agnes was wrong, Mr. Bradley, and I'm sure you can appreciate my position.
 Of course.
 Well, run along.
 Next week was going to be such a pleasant change with Homer and Henry in Washington.
 Goodbye Mr. Bradley.
 Bye.
 I've got him at Thompson.
 Hello.
 Sam, this is Harold Green.
 Oh yes Harold. I'll say those contracts of yours will have to wait until I get back from Washington.
 Oh that's okay but that isn't why I call.
 Sam, I've got you all fixed up.
 Fixed up, huh?
 A very good friend of mine is the passenger agent for the railroad and is a favorite of me.
 He really buckled down and got him.
 Got him.
 Got what?
 Four birthes for Washington.
 What?
 Only you'll have to take another train that gets in 12 hours later.
 What?
 But at least 15 minutes earlier.
 No, wait a minute.
 And make a note of this sale.
 You change trains at four in the morning in Pittsburgh.
 No, wait a minute!
 Excuse me, I'd like to pick up some tickets for Allrich.
 Hi there, Mr. Allrich.
 God!
 What are you doing behind the ticket window?
 Selling tickets?
 It's my new job, Mr. Allrich.
 Nice indoor work.
 Well, would you?
 Meet a nice class of people here.
 You never see the same face twice.
 You come to pick up your ticket, sir.
 Oh, yes. Three birds on the six o'clock train.
 You're cancelling the four on the five forty-five?
 I am.
 All right, if you say so.
 So you go into Washington, DC, yeah?
 Nice town, Washington.
 I'm sure.
 Real credit to the country.
 I was there for the inauguration, you know.
 That's so.
 It's a rebub.
 I had quite a time.
 McKinley turned out to be quite a president, too.
 But McKinley.
 William-- or was it Taft?
 Let's see.
 There's back in Art 8. No question, there's Art 1.
 - Gus. - Or was it Teddy Roosevelt?
 - Gus, I'm sure I-- - Well,
 there's back when we had a Republican. I remember that.
 Artly a man is now alive.
 [laughter]
 - It's Sir E. Bob.
 [laughter]
 You ought to have a real nice time.
 - Well, frankly, Gus, I'm not too sure. - Not sure, boy.
 All I've heard all day is Homer Brown. Homer Brown.
 gets pretty discouraging.
 Yes, I can see where it would.
 Gosh, you have no idea the pressure that's been put on me,
 but Gus, I'm not going to but.
 That's right, Mr. Orange.
 A man, if he is a man, that is,
 has got to be free to make up his own mind.
 Well, I'm glad to hear someone say that.
 Here's your ticket.
 Oh, thank you.
 Only, if you don't mind my mention in it,
 there's no overlook in the fact that travel,
 it broadens a young man.
 Now, just a minute.
 I got to agree with your missus there.
 - Yes, I'd have to get back to my family in the waiting room.
 - Okay, have a good time.
 - Thank you.
 - Oh, it was Coolidge.
 Grace Coolidge's husband, Kelvin Coolidge, that's all.
 (audience laughing)
 - What?
 - I've been looking all over the station for you.
 - Now just a moment, Homer.
 - Mr. Orter, I've been thinking it over,
 and she was why be a sore head?
 - What?
 - I mean, she was, we've been friends for a long time,
 and well, now that you're really on your way,
 Have a good time, Mr. Aldrich.
 Here.
 What?
 A basket of fruit.
 Yes, sir.
 To eat on the train.
 If there seemed to be a few pieces missing,
 I just wanted to be sure everything was fresh.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Homer, I hardly--
 Hard--
 And here's something else I'd like you to have, Mr.
 Aldrich, a map of the city of Washington.
 I rode away for it last week.
 Thank you, Homer.
 I've got it all marked, see?
 You start at the White House the first day,
 and follow the red line. Then the second day you started to...
 Well, you really got this all planned out, haven't you?
 I've sort of been fooling around with it all week. Here.
 Oh, well.
 Find voyage, Mr. Aldrich.
 And...
 Shane.
 A Homer...
 Shane, Mr. Aldrich.
 Yes, Homer, Shane.
 Shane.
 Shane.
 And Homer...
 Yes, Mr. Aldrich.
 Homer, all of us make mistakes sometimes in our lives,
 and I'd like to say that this is one time I've made one.
 You, Mr. Olmuth?
 Yes, me, Homer. I know it's too late now, but I sincerely wish you were going with it.
 You really want to take me?
 Yes, if it weren't too late.
 Gee, why is it too late?
 But why, you would have to go all the way home and pack it.
 No, I wouldn't. I've got my suitcase checked right here in the station.
 [laughter]
 What?
 Oh, boy. Oh, boy.
 Homer, what's the matter?
 Homer.
 Wait a year, wait a year, Henry.
 Why?
 Guess who's going to Washington?
 [Music]
 Sam, Sam are you up?
 Mmm...
 Sam wake up, we're coming into Pittsburgh.
 Pittsburgh? How else we're going to Washington?
 Yes dear, but this is where we change trains.
 Oh, oh yes.
 Is it four in the morning already?
 Yes, the boys are getting our bags out to the platform.
 Are you dressed?
 I did none dress. Four in the morning.
 Sam, I'm very proud of you.
 Yes.
 After all the pressure we put on you, you're really taking the whole thing very nicely.
 Forget it, Alice. I had a feeling all along I was fighting a losing battle.
 Now you don't worry. I'm sure Homer won't be any trouble at all.
 Why so far you could hardly tell he's along.
 You could hardly tell he's along, but he's been sleeping right above me.
 Three times he went to the washroom.
 For a glass of water.
 Three times he managed to step on my face, getting down.
 You're come quick!
 Hand-ready, quiet! You wake up the whole car.
 But it's Homer, mother. There's something wrong with him.
 Oh, dear.
 He's just sitting on his bags down there at the end of the car and he won't say a word.
 Sam, do you suppose he's train sick?
 With all the water he's been drinking, it's more like with sea sick.
 We've got to go see what's wrong.
 Homer?
 Homer, dear, what's happened?
 Jean, Mrs. Allrich, I feel terrible.
 What is it, Homer, old-timer?
 Your sinus again?
 No.
 You didn't try to finish that whole basket of fruit, did you?
 It isn't that.
 It's the wheels.
 What wheels?
 Of the train.
 Listen to them.
 Clickety-clack, clickety-clack, clickety-clack.
 They make it dizzy?
 No.
 They just made me realize we're getting further and further away from Sanneville all the time.
 What?
 Further away from all my friends.
 It's not home.
 Further away from my mother and father.
 Home.
 Mr. Alberch, when we get off at Pittsburgh, can I get a train going back the other way?
 Now, wait a minute!
 (applause)
 - Hi, Henry, hi, Homer.
 - Well, Gee, it's Willie Marshall.
 - Willie, what are you doing on this train?
 - Going to Washington?
 Are you fellas going to?
 - Oh, boy.
 - Boy, Henry, going to Washington with Willie tagging along
 like having your mother-in-law and your honeymoon.
 Well, here I come along with some good news about the wonderful new Jello Rice pudding.
 Yes, Jello Rice pudding, newest member of the famous Jello pudding family.
 The quickest, easiest rice pudding you ever made.
 The richest, creamiest rice pudding you've ever dipped a spoon in.
 All you do is add milk and boil gently for 10 minutes.
 No fussy mixing, no bothersome custard, no cooking for hours on end.
 You can have it baked or boiled, thick or thin, easy directions on every package.
 So buy it, try it.
 The 10-minute marvel.
 Look for it on your grocer's dessert shelf.
 Jello Rice Pudding, America's newest dessert miracle.
 The Aldrich family starring as Ruston as Henry with Jackie Kalkas Homer is written by Norman
 Tokar and Ed Juris with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are House Jamison and Katherine Roth.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying, "The Olridge Family is brought to you by the
 Jell-O Family."
 Oh, the Big Red Ladders stand for the Jell-O Family.
 Oh, the Big Red Ladders stand for the Jell-O Family.
 That's Jell-O.
 Yum yum yum.
 Jell-O Pudding's yum yum yum.
 Jell-O Tuck the yoke up Pudding's Jess-O-R-E-E.
 [Applause]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (bells ringing)
 (gentle music)
 (bell dings)
