 [Music]
 And now the Jell-O family presents...
 Henry...
 Henry Oldridge!
 Coming, Mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the Oldridge family based on characters
 by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kelka's
 Homer. And yes, it's the Jell-O family with its three famous desserts. Jell-O in
 those six delicious flavors, Jell-O puddings with that old-fashioned
 homemade flavor, and Jell-O tapioca puddings, a miracle of goodness, a marvel of
 of speed.
 Everyone's a jello good fellow, a very good jello good fellow, so rich, so tempting and
 mellow.
 J-E-L-L-O.
 And now for the Aldridge family.
 [Music]
 The memory of our youth is a priceless possession.
 And whenever it starts to fade, there's no quicker way to brighten it up than to join the company of a teenage boy like Henry Aldrich.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich kitchen. It is almost any time.
 time. Henry Aldrich. I know mother and I agree with you. It's perfectly
 ridiculous for us to have a butler. My goodness. Especially this lathe. But
 couldn't we at least have finger bowls? Henry I'm using my best napkins and that's
 as far as I'll go. napkins mother? Just plain ordinary everyday napkins?
 They're their hen stitched and monogram. Alice! You know where the evening paper is.
 She wish father aren't even dressed yet it's nearly time.
 - Certainly I'm dressed.
 - You mean you're not wearing your best suit tonight?
 - Henry, if this suit is good enough
 for my business associates,
 it's certainly good enough for Kathleen Anderson.
 - I know, but mother, I just got another wonderful idea.
 Why couldn't Mary wait on table?
 - Henry, how'd he eat in the kitchen?
 Henry, I'm surprised at you.
 - Well, not Alice.
 We could buy Mary a maid uniform and let her earn her keep.
 - Now Sam.
 - Sure, father's got the right idea.
 - I often said children should work their way
 through the home.
 Sure.
 From now on, Henry, you can be the upstairs maid.
 What?
 Sam, will you please stop joking?
 In the first place, Henry, Mary isn't even going to be here for dinner.
 Mother, is that candle you're getting out?
 Yes, dear.
 Gee, that's swell.
 Could we serve them in gold candelabras?
 But I don't own any gold candelabras.
 You mean, after all, your years of drudgery fathers never bought you any?
 No, see, here.
 Dear, we have these very nice silver candelsticks.
 Oh, sure.
 And I don't mean they won't be fine, but do you happen to know anyone we could borrow
 gold ones from? Not without putting up collateral. Collateral? And Henry, what I plan to do just
 before Kathleen gets here is to bring in all our collateral and put it right in the center
 of the table. Gee whiz, father. Now you're kidding. Henry, please go in the dining room
 and put the chairs around the table. That's a good idea. And I'll give Kathleen the one
 with the good bottom. Fine. And don't go away, mother, because I just got another idea.
 Listen, may I ask what's brought on all this? There it seems that Henry and Kathleen saw
 movie of dinner at the White House and Kathleen was so impressed that Henry
 invited her to have dinner over here. I see. He felt it was the only democratic
 thing to do. Mother. Excuse me. I think I'll go and sit on the balcony. But Sam we
 don't have a balcony. All right Alice I'll build one. What? Mother did you know you
 didn't set enough places at the table? Of course I did. Mary's going out so that
 leaves just four of us. But what about Homer and Agnes? What about them? Where
 Are they going to sit?
 Henry.
 She was, you mean, I neglected to tell you I more or less invited home her an Agnes to
 dinner too?
 But Henry, do you realize I've made individual chicken pies and I only made four of them?
 Well, gee, couldn't you just whip up a couple more?
 Made with canned salmon?
 Henry, do you mean you definitely invited them?
 Sure, because Homer's loaning me a bowl of fruit.
 What for?
 To put in the center of the table.
 Now, dear, we have plenty of fruit without borrowing any from Homer.
 But what he's bringing is wax, the real stuff.
 Oh my goodness.
 And Homer wouldn't bring his fruit unless it included Agnes.
 But Henry, look at it this way.
 Would Homer and Agnes be invited to dinner at the White House?
 No, she was.
 Well, there.
 But neither would we.
 Oh boy, there's Kathleen now.
 Would you like me to go to the door?
 You mother and a thing like your apron?
 I'll get it mother.
 Then don't run, you'll get off like.
 Well, I'm not running.
 Where's my comb?
 Where's my comb?
 Oh, here it is.
 Oh boy, mother, where's a mirror?
 Henry, your hair looks fine.
 It's all over my face.
 Here, let me help you.
 Oh, she was mother. Where's my coat? I haven't got my coat on.
 Henry, it doesn't matter.
 It was here in the living room.
 There, please, answer the door.
 I'm like, Kathleen, walk right in on my shirt sleeve.
 Oh, here it is.
 Where's my sleeve? Where's my sleeve?
 I'm okay.
 I'll be out in the kitchen.
 Hello, cat--
 Henry, what took you so long?
 Oh, then what are you doing out here?
 I stepped outside to get the evening paper in the front door locked on me.
 A lot? But where's...
 See, I even combed my hair.
 That's why your face is all red.
 She was... no, I just got overheated.
 So maybe I'd just slip out of my coat for a minute.
 Don't throw it Henry, hang it up.
 Sure, Father, I was just going to...
 Oh, boy, there she is now.
 Father, will you please hand me my coat?
 It's only Homer.
 Homer?
 I saw him coming up the street.
 Oh, I should. I bother with a coat just for Homer.
 You mean you don't want it?
 No, thanks.
 Kathleen!
 Good evening, Henry.
 Jean, how did you get here?
 I walked.
 I know, but I know.
 I'm sorry about my shirt sleeves.
 Oh, my goodness, if I got the wrong night?
 No, Gee was. Come on in.
 Thank you.
 Boy.
 Thank you.
 May I take your hat?
 I don't have any yet, Henry.
 Oh, sure.
 Gee, Kathleen.
 How are you anyway?
 Just fine, thank you. How are you?
 Oh, I'm fine.
 Won't you come in the living room?
 All right.
 I'll just slip into my coat.
 There. Would you like to sit down?
 All right.
 Our sofa has one loose spring in it,
 as you'll eventually notice.
 But the chair you're getting at the dinner table
 is in excellent condition.
 (audience laughing)
 Do you couldn't smash it with an axe?
 Really?
 And boy, Kathleen, is my mother excited
 over your being here. All she's done today is talk about Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen.
 I hope you're saying something nice about me. Boy I'll say she was. You know what she was
 even discussing just a few minutes ago? Fingerballs. Really we're having fingerballs? No chicken
 pot pies. This is my favorite thing. Really? Have you ever had it made with salmon? Chicken
 mixed with salmon?
 No, just salmon.
 (audience laughing)
 That sounds very interesting, Henry.
 Sure, but a person like Homer
 would never know the difference then.
 Henry, did I tell you how much I've been looking
 for with Daventon over here tonight?
 Do you have?
 This is the first date we've had
 in about two months that Homer hasn't tagged along on.
 What?
 And not that I've minded Henry.
 Homer's really a very nice boy,
 but frankly, and that Agnes Lawson,
 my goodness, I've never been so glad
 to get away from two people for one night in my life.
 But Kathleen.
 Every place you and I go, they want to go.
 Kathleen, listen.
 Yes?
 Well, what I mean is, look, I don't think you understand Homer.
 I don't think anybody does how good they.
 They couldn't?
 Well, he's always seemed to come in between us.
 Frankly, Henry, sometimes I can't help but get the idea that,
 well, you think more of Homer than you do with me.
 Kathleen!
 Gee, that's the craziest thing I ever heard.
 - Why, know that now, Henry.
 - You do?
 - After you invited me, OBA to dinner,
 just so we could get away from him.
 - Well look, before we go any further,
 could I explain one thing to you?
 - Hey Henry!
 - My goodness, Homer's affected me,
 so I'm actually here as well.
 - Kathleen, could I please tell you something?
 - Well, where is everybody?
 - Oh, here you are.
 - Oh my goodness.
 - Well, Homer, imagine.
 - Listen, Henry, what are you so surprised about?
 (laughing)
 - I'm not surprised.
 Hi! Hi, and boy Henry, where do you see what I have for you in this bag?
 Homer. It's my mother's wax fruit.
 Yeah? Homer, could I speak to you out loud?
 The only trouble is my father left it on the radiator and the banana has sort of gotten out of cover.
 [laughter]
 Well, look. And the apple is practically shriveled up.
 But don't worry, him. My father says it's the best imitation of a baked apple he's ever seen.
 [laughter]
 Look. Homer.
 Oh, I forgot to tell you Agnes can't come.
 Who can't?
 Agnes can. She fell asleep by an open window and got a crick in her neck.
 Hi Kathleen, would you please shove over a little?
 Why? So I can sit down among you and Henry.
 Oh, Homer, could I please speak to you in the next room a minute?
 Oh, boy. You mean dinner's all ready?
 Dinner! Let's see. Let's see.
 Henry, oh, it's not two minutes ago didn't you tell me that Homer wasn't...
 I mean, oh me.
 Kathleen, I never said he wasn't. It was you.
 It was. I wasn't why.
 Kathleen, Henry, what are you both so upset about?
 Is it because Agnes couldn't come or because my banana melted?
 [audience laughter]
 Kathleen...
 [music]
 I've put the salt and the potatoes, Mrs. Aldridge.
 Thank you, Kathleen.
 And what can I do now?
 Not another thing, dear.
 And dinner won't be ready for another half hour.
 Why don't you just go back into the living room with Henry?
 Well, Mrs. Aldridge, would you be very hurt if I just stayed out here?
 In the kitchen?
 Well, as I said, Henry and I...
 Well, I just feel that you need some help.
 Kathleen, sit down.
 Yes, Mrs. Aldridge.
 Now, dear, I think I know what's happened between you and Henry.
 But do you really think you'll gain anything by staying out here and turning your back?
 But I have my pride, Mrs. Aldrich.
 Dear, would you mind if I gave you a little heart to heart advice?
 Well, no.
 There's one problem that every young woman, in fact every woman at any age, has to face sooner or later.
 You mean?
 And that's how to get rid of the undesirable friends of...
 Well, I'm sure your mother had to face it with your father.
 And I had... that is...
 You had to do the same thing with Mr. Aldrich?
 Mr. Orchard.
 And I didn't say that.
 But you might as well learn how to cope with the problem right now.
 Yes, Mrs. Orchard.
 Now, as a general rule, as soon as you tell a man not to do something, you can be pretty
 sure he'll do it.
 Really?
 And the more you object to his friends, the more he's going to continue seeing those
 friends.
 My goodness.
 Yes, that's men, Troy, your Kathleen.
 As nice as they are, they're born with that streak in them.
 You don't say.
 So my advice to you is to go back into the living room and be nice to Homer.
 Nice to home!
 Just as nice as you can be.
 Perhaps even a little nicer than you are the hen.
 Oh no!
 Believe me, Kathleen, I'm more experienced in these things than you are.
 Do you mean...
 And I can count on Henry to get jealous?
 Absolutely.
 And before you know it, he'll be asking Homer to leave.
 Oh my goodness.
 Now, go on back in the living room while I see what the potatoes are doing.
 I know, but some more.
 Go on there and good luck.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 I didn't realize there was anyone in the dining room.
 I'm just...
 I'm just having sort of a discussion with my father.
 Good evening, Kathleen. It's nice having you here.
 Thank you, Mr. Aldrich.
 I'm sorry if I disturbed you.
 Is she gone, Father?
 Yes, you can turn around now.
 Isn't she speaking to you?
 No, Father.
 And don't you agree she's being unreasonable?
 Especially since I'm giving her the chair with a good bottom?
 Well...
 And since I even spent an hour washing all the windows here in the dining room,
 just so she'd have a swell time tonight.
 Well...
 Don't you father?
 Frankly, I'd rather not get involved.
 Oh, gee.
 Maybe if I explained to Homer in a nice way,
 he'd go home without any hard feelings.
 Now hold on a minute.
 Yes, father?
 Frankly, Henry, I'd hate to think that any son of mine would ever let a woman walk all over it.
 Oh, sure, but...
 Now, if you let Kathleen get the upper hand now,
 she'll never have the proper respect for you.
 She won't?
 There's one thing, son, that every man has to stick up for above all else.
 And that's his right to his own friend.
 You mean?
 Yes, Henry, I had to be firm with your...
 Well, what I should say is, every man has to put his foot down once in a while.
 You mean you had to be tough with mother?
 No, Henry, I haven't been tough.
 I've merely been firm with her.
 And she's been a happier wife for it.
 Gee, now that you mentioned that father, she does seem awfully happy.
 Listen to her singing out there.
 Certainly.
 My advice to you son is to march into that living room there and put your foot down on the subject of Homer.
 You think so?
 Simply assert your right.
 When Kathleen's my guest.
 Isn't Homer also your guest?
 Before you know it, Kathleen will be eating out of your hand.
 You mean I should ask?
 Not ask Henry.
 Tell her.
 I'll go on.
 Sure.
 Gee whiz, maybe you're right.
 Kathleen?
 That's the idea.
 Kathleen, you just see here.
 Before you speak to Kathleen, could I have a word with you out in the hall?
 Sure thing.
 Come on.
 What is it, Homer, old-timer?
 Henry, don't call me old-timer. I can't stand it.
 Listen, Homer, I just want you to know I'm putting my foot down.
 You are.
 There's one thing we men have got to do, and that's a certar right.
 Henry, listen. You're looking at a heel.
 You?
 Homer, you're my best friend.
 Sure. That's what makes it so terrible.
 What do you mean?
 Henry, you're looking at a guy that just kissed his best friend's girl.
 And if any...
 What?!
 Sure.
 You...
 You kissed Kathleen?
 Go on, Henry.
 Hit me.
 Right under my own room.
 Go on.
 Go on.
 Put up your douche and defend yourself, Homer.
 Come on!
 Defend yourself.
 Okay, I'll defend myself.
 Put my heart won't be in this.
 [Music]
 And now for some folks whose hearts are really in their work.
 Let's listen to Meredith Wilson and his talking people.
 It's intermission time in the Aldrich family.
 That's right.
 And the intermission music will now commence.
 Intermission music? I wasn't told about this.
 There's music in the taste of jello pudding.
 Oh, how right can you be? Luscious life.
 Bonewa.
 And rich chocolatey.
 Joo.
 And buttery brown, bony, bony.
 Brrr, scotch.
 They're jello pudding.
 And more people buy jello puddings
 than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 They're nourishing.
 You're darn right. They're made with milk.
 They're quick, quick.
 They cook to perfection in just about five minutes.
 They taste grand.
 Grand, you can't beat those three wonderful flavors.
 (singing in foreign language)
 Look for the big red letters on the box
 and get a supply of the whole Jello family of desserts.
 For ease and speed and variety, get the Jello family.
 Don't say dessert, say jello.
 Jello, that wonderful shivering stuff.
 (singing in foreign language)
 Don't say dessert, say jello.
 (singing in foreign language)
 Don't say dessert, say jello.
 (singing in foreign language)
 The Jello family of desserts,
 If you don't want to say it, sing it.
 ♪ J-E-L-L-O ♪
 (dramatic music)
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Due to a slight misunderstanding with Kathleen,
 Henry accepted some advice from his father
 his father and went to work hoping to patch things up. Kathleen however was
 acting on advice from Mrs. Aldrich and the result was a black eye for Homer.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room. It is a few minutes later.
 "Adri!" "Yes Father!" "Who were you speaking to on the phone?" "I just called the
 Browns father to see if they could accommodate Homer for dinner." "What's that?
 You're trying to get rid of Homer?" "Well considering the way Kathleen feels about it."
 "Henry I thought you were going to assert your rights as a man." "Sure
 father that isn't my trouble anymore
 no
 now
 what do you know where cathleen is right now up in the medicine chest giving all our attention to Homer's eye
 what happened to Homer's eye?
 he forgot to duck
 what's that?
 oh and look before I forget when I was talking to mr. Brown he said he had two tickets for the fights tonight
 it is sure so i said of course you'd like to go with him
 well you shouldn't have
 you mean i said the wrong thing no no i really ought to ask a mother first
 ask her father
 that is teller
 tell me what's that all of
 well
 uh...
 alice yes dear
 of cathleen would you help me on time apron
 well everybody did is ready all this uh... you won't mind will you if i
 get out from under your feet right after dinner
 I thought I'd go to the fights with Will Brown.
 Of course not, dear. I don't mind.
 Good.
 Only you're never really under my feet, Sam,
 and we'd all be very glad to have you here after dinner.
 You'll have a better time without me.
 Frankly, dear, I don't see how we can entertain Henry's guests.
 Alice, uh...
 Yes, sir.
 Uh...
 Henry, what are you staring at?
 Who are you? I'm just...
 I'm just tying my shoes.
 Well, please tie it in the living room.
 Sure, Father.
 And, Kathleen, is there something you want there?
 Why no, Zodg, then suppose you go help Henry with his shoelace.
 I'd be glad to, lollary.
 Alice, l'm sorry, but you'll just have to get along without me.
 Sam, you can't possibly walk out from the whole evening.
 Alice, why not?
 l'll give you several good reasons.
 Henry, will you please go all the way out of the room?
 Sure.
 After the way l've slaved and worked over this dinner.
 No, Alice, calm down.
 Kathleen, will you and Henry please run along?
 [music]
 Come on, ass.
 Come and let go!
 But you've got to get out of bed and come over to the old pictures.
 But what about my crip?
 You're what?
 My crip!
 My crip and my neck, I can't hold my head.
 [laughter]
 Aggie's nobody's asking you to walk over there on your head.
 [laughter]
 Besides, Aggie, I need you.
 Well, my goodness, Homer, I never knew you really can.
 - Sure I do.
 Boy, when I got this black eye,
 all I could think about was good ol' lags.
 - No kidding.
 - Sure.
 - No kidding.
 - Sure.
 (audience laughing)
 - Get into the black eye.
 - Never mind, Agnes.
 Oh boy, I just double crossed my best friend.
 - You did.
 - Sure.
 I can't trust myself any further than I could throw me.
 - What?
 - And then all of a sudden I said,
 boy, if there's one person who can keep me under her heel,
 it's good ol' lags.
 How are you sweet?
 So I don't dare go back to the old witches without you.
 Come on.
 But Homer, don't you understand I'm sick.
 And besides, we're just going to have Dennis.
 You are?
 And we're having my favorite dish, barbecue pork chop.
 Barbecued pork chop.
 Sure.
 Oh boy.
 Why didn't you tell me that you were that sick?
 What?
 Boy, the only thing for me to do is stay here and look after you.
 [Music]
 Father.
 Yes, Henry.
 Won't you at least speak to mother so we can eat dinner?
 I'm perfectly willing to speak to your mother.
 You are?
 Just as soon as she speaks to me.
 [Laughter]
 Did you know she's going up to her room?
 And dinner's getting cold.
 I'm afraid I'm not very hungry, but you and Kathleen can go ahead and eat.
 Well, the only trouble is...
 What?
 She won't speak to me.
 Why not?
 Because I beat up Homer.
 Only father I hardly touched him, and she was one minute she...
 And then the next minute she...
 Boy...
 Yeah.
 And frankly father, I can't say your advice helped.
 Yes, I realize that now.
 But, son, the main thing we men have to remember is never to give in.
 Sure, Father.
 And when our first plan doesn't work,
 then we have enough sense to change our tactics.
 Yes, sir!
 Get your coat on. Here's what we're going to do next.
 Now then Kathleen, suppose we sit down.
 All right.
 Only, when do you suppose Henry, Mr. Aldrich, went?
 Dear, I don't know, and frankly, I don't care.
 You don't?
 Well, then naturally neither do I.
 You and I are going to enjoy our dinner, Kathleen,
 just the two of us.
 We're gonna have the time of our lives.
 Of course.
 We'll have a much better time without,
 without my the chicken pie smell lovely.
 Thank you, dear.
 Do you know what they remind me of?
 What?
 Henry.
 What's there?
 He's so crazy about them.
 So is Mr. Olrich.
 My, how that man eats.
 Henry does too.
 I made him some brownies once.
 And do you know how many he ate?
 No, dear.
 Well, he ate so many, he had to go home.
 Right afterwards.
 Now, Kathleen, don't cry into your pot pie.
 (audience laughing)
 Oh, of course not.
 Now then, may I have your plate?
 And would you mind entering the phone, Kathleen,
 while I so?
 All right.
 - Hey, back there.
 (phone ringing)
 Hello.
 - Hello, is that you, Kathleen?
 - Yes.
 - Guess who this is.
 - Homer, I can't waste time being nice to you now.
 - What?
 - Henry has needed a listen so it won't count.
 - Huh?
 Well look, I have bad news for you.
 - What is it?
 - I won't be able to mark it for dinner.
 - I thought you said bad news.
 - I have to take care of that creek and the nink of agus.
 - Homer, what are you eating?
 - Just a pork chop.
 (laughing)
 - Well, when are you in Henry going out together next?
 Well, we were going to go skating on Saturday.
 Okay, I'll see you over at the ring.
 What?
 So long.
 But Homer!
 Oh my goodness!
 Mrs. Aldridge!
 Yes, Kathleen, would that phone call for me?
 No.
 But my goodness, everything's just going from worst to terrible.
 But now, Kathleen, you just sit down and stop worrying.
 Mrs. Aldridge, I followed your advice.
 Where am I?
 I've driven Henry out of his home, and Homer's still tagging along.
 Now, dear, just because Henry and Mr. Aldridge have gone out for a while, well, there's nothing to worry about.
 There isn't?
 When men do that, it simply means they're sulking.
 They'll come back, Kathleen, on their knees.
 Really?
 If they were doing anything they felt
 had to be covered up, they'd have sent flowers.
 They would?
 Then we'd really have something to worry about.
 All right, good.
 You see, Kathleen, what did I tell you?
 Here they are now.
 I can show Mrs. Aldridge.
 Sam was locked out once before tonight.
 Oh.
 Mrs. Samuel Aldridge?
 Yes.
 Acme Flower Shop, these roses are for you.
 What?
 And is there a Miss Kathleen Anderson here?
 Boy, Father, just feel that air.
 It's the same air you've been breathing all day, son.
 It tastes better somehow.
 I know what you mean.
 Everything looks better after you've looked at problems
 straight in the eye and licked it.
 I'll say. They sure are, aren't they?
 Who?
 Women.
 What?
 A problem.
 I suppose so, Henry.
 The only man who hasn't learned to use his head.
 Boy, Father, and to think for a while today, I doubted you.
 You actually did.
 Sure.
 But boy, after this, I'll always know who to go to for advice.
 That's right, son.
 You can always profit by listening to someone
 who's had more experience than you had.
 Well, here we are, home again.
 I'll go in ahead of you, Henry, and we'll let your mother
 apologize first.
 Okay.
 - Oh Alice, I'm home.
 - So am I Kathleen.
 - Alice.
 Alice.
 - Mother, we're home.
 - So I see.
 Kathleen, have you got your coat on?
 - Yes Mrs. Aldrich.
 - Well, Alice.
 - Don't bother trying to explain, Sam,
 it won't do you any good.
 - What, Sam?
 - And Henry Aldrich, don't you ever speak to me again?
 - Who I?
 - Come along, Kathleen, we'll be late for the movie.
 - Alice.
 - Alice.
 - Kathleen.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well.
 - She was out of your account for a thing like that.
 - Why?
 - Point father, what do we do now?
 Change our tactics again.
 - Henry? - Yes, Father?
 - I've given you a good deal of advice today
 based on years of experience.
 - Yes, sir.
 - Now I want you to forget every word of it.
 - What's that, Father?
 - When it comes to handling women, Henry,
 I have only one last piece of advice.
 Yes, Father.
 Don't accept any from anyone.
 Boy, Homer, did you turn out to be a snake in the clover.
 "Could I ask you one thing? Are we gonna let women come between us and spoil a friendship of an entire lifetime?"
 "Women."
 "Hah! Sure, him. You're right. Women."
 "Hah! Ha! Shake! Ha! Shake!"
 Okay, boys, but just remember this. It's the women folk you can thank for turning out those swell desserts you like so much.
 much, like those grand and gay treats of shimmering jello.
 Yes, jello looking so bright and colorful and tasting so rich and good, it reminds you
 of the real ripe fruit itself.
 In any of those six delicious flavors, strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime,
 every jello flavor is an extra special treat.
 With that famous locked-in goodness that's exclusive with jello.
 seal right in so it can't get out till your first delectable spoonful.
 And that's why Jell-O is America's favorite gelatin dessert.
 Look for those big red letters on the box.
 They spell Jell-O and Jell-O spells a treat.
 [MUSIC]
 Here's hoping you'll be in your living room and ours next week at this same time.
 Good night, folks.
 [Music]
 The Aldrich family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer,
 is written by Patricia Jaudry and Del Dinsdale with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich, our house, Jamison, and Catherine Roth.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York, saying,
 "The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Everyone's a Jell-O-good fellow, a very good Jell-O-good fellow,
 so rich, so tempting and mellow.
 J-E-L-L-O.
 [Applause]
 Listen again next Thursday, same time, same station, to another sparkling half-hour with the Oldridge family.
 [Music]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 [MUSIC]
