 [Music]
 Great much, and great much place.
 Is that...
 [Music]
 Can you see all this coming out of here?
 [Applause]
 They all look thunder.
 They say, "Don't tell me if you're here to let me go."
 I'm sorry, nothing's wrong with him.
 They say, "Don't tell me, don't tell me, don't tell me."
 I'm walking in my face, and I'm a great black person.
 All around there, he's going to want to take him
 play when he hits the lake, not.
 And great, not play.
 You're now the favorite black flute studio.
 [Music]
 And now for the Audrey family.
 Henry Aldrich is a typical American boy that revolves all the sometimes somewhere.
 Yes, Henry is a familiar to all of us. I please show this baseball and I'm the most patient able.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room.
 Gee, you ladies, how am I having you any ideas at all?
 I told you, no, I'm learning to say.
 Why not?
 Because the last time I went to a mad monastery I was giving a board for a social activity for a week.
 is going to have a prize for the best costume and hot dog to best them all pie
 this little time they are here
 I think they have to go to the free part of the horse
 they are a lot worried me as a cat named mother is making her a costume just
 especially for this masquerade and I can't think of a single thing I can go at
 it would be free to go and buckle a bill but I want to wear a costume that'll
 I'm kind of mad to Kathleen.
 I thought we could go into Buffalo.
 I don't know how much be sensible.
 We haven't much time.
 Well, wait, wait, wait, we can fully calculate and find out where I calculate.
 That's a very good idea, Homer.
 I can't phone her right now.
 Oh, K-2-7.
 Oh, do you suppose we're going to kill you and you can kill me to stay in the creek?
 Homer, please try to control yourself, especially when I'm finding Kathleen.
 Hello?
 I'm glad you're getting me.
 You're kidding, but I'm very busy right now.
 I'm having a feeling.
 A what?
 A feeling.
 You know, from my last year I passed now.
 You have been this woman I wanted to talk to you about.
 My feeling?
 Sure.
 I was just wondering what it is you were having fitted.
 You know, I'm telling you, I'm going into any of your friends there.
 I'm in the internship?
 Can I help you go now?
 I mean, my mother's calling me.
 She's got her mouth off of a can.
 Well, that's fine.
 I mean, thank you very much, Kathleen.
 Goodbye!
 Homer!
 Homer, what do you know?
 Pass me his going as an Indian princess.
 He's the only one who can't even decide to go as a lord.
 I wonder where I can get an Indian costume.
 So, what I look good is a...
 You can't do that, Homer.
 You can't go as an Indian.
 Why not?
 Well, he was because I'm going to be an Indian.
 He thought that's what you weren't interested in after a ride.
 That was the largest point of view, Henry.
 Well, if I'm Mrs. Out of town, who's going to go with you?
 I just said I do. A paper could be more likely to have two of you and do it in a normal movie.
 Listen Homer, Kathleen's mind girl.
 Thank you, Anthony. I wasn't suggesting for one minute if he wasn't.
 And I realized I was saying that I had not anything to do with it.
 Hey, Anthony, do you like being a holler?
 Are you calling on, Mother?
 He's coming to the dining room for a moment.
 You said you're a m
 I'll be right back.
 Did I get a new in-home or are you able to count me in-depth now?
 No, Mother.
 Homer just wants to help me take Kathleen to this mass grade we're going to and I said no.
 Now, I don't think that's a bit nice.
 Mother, you mean I said let Homer go every place with Kathleen and me?
 I think it's because we said all I said I think we can live whenever we can.
 And if you can do a plan, a good plan,
 I think you think,
 we're going to consider it a good time to get scared with Homer Brown.
 So, little, no more boy than you can be.
 and I want you to go right back and say you saved your mind.
 You mean right now?
 So how many of you did you like it to have in go along to this dance or whatever it is?
 You and Kathy?
 But you and my mother, you know, I've been on that and someday you'll want to call
 but to do the same for you.
 What do you do with me and Kathy?
 I said I go home.
 I'm a caller.
 You can help me take Kathleen to the master.
 I can, I really can.
 Provided I escorted home afterwards and provided you don't think you're always in the end right here. I said you have you? Hey, hey, hey, oh boy. See how we can both go with anyone.
 [Music]
 Hi, I'm Iris.
 Is that you, Dad?
 Iris, are you in the kitchen?
 I'm in the room, Ty, but you're ready.
 Oh, your breakfast is ready.
 What's it doing in the room, Logan?
 It's a good thing you're in the room, Ty.
 It's sad, I don't like it for something.
 Go on, my, you can see my new brown hat in the glaze.
 My goodness, you know, didn't the horse even get mob yesterday?
 Yes, no, I can't find it.
 Well, they are in the toilet, doesn't they?
 I find myself a desk.
 Alex, my hat is a good year more important than I've ever done to her.
 I didn't even tell the doctor before breakfast.
 I don't mean it, Sam. I just have to notice it isn't where the whole way is.
 Sam, all this big hat right there in the dining room.
 Where?
 On the chair.
 Now, will you please let me look for my doctor?
 I saw that hat on the chair, Alex, and it's not my hat.
 Alex, what's the girl hat? Very good, the brown hat you bought yesterday.
 Yes, Alex. That is a brown hat.
 But that hat I bought yesterday has a bright all-in feather in the band. That hat has nothing. Not even a band.
 I don't think I know if it's gonna be this far. My hat? I've never done so.
 Mother, that's Mother! I'm here to get in there. Oh, I'm just here to explain it.
 So they carry me, I've got to. What's happened to Henry now?
 It's in the Henry's water. It's my biddly.
 You know what? It's my biddly. Oh.
 Yep, Mother, this is the one that needs to have that lovely old red-seddy tail in it.
 And I'm a dirty-sail dog.
 No, it was not the fair detail. Alex, what am I going to do about my hat? I'm sure I don't know, Sam. You don't have to wear that brown hat to do my dining thing.
 Without my orange hair, Alex will... Oh, the girl is going to do about my shiny tail.
 Let's see, look at that, Anna game. Yeah, you think my feather does, Sam? You don't know the dress, Sam?
 I don't know, Sam. I don't know the dress, Sam. I'm sure I shouldn't say the call to you, Alex.
 What's happening up here, Sam? My feather is a feather.
 I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 Dad, I'm going to have breakfast on top.
 I'll be up in a second. I'll be right back.
 I did, guys. It's better not having home a lot.
 Homer, how do you feel about scrambled eggs?
 What's that?
 Granny eggs!
 Are you my own?
 No, I'm getting a sign of this.
 Look what I found.
 It took a look at this.
 It took seven inches to go up at the side of it.
 Oh boy, where did you find it?
 Oh, my name is Father's Poel.
 It was supposed to be old, didn't I?
 Pulled it all away.
 These are the vineyards and the men that went out of their tracks.
 They will call a permanent before them.
 And our using of, yeah, my house think we better.
 Or, literally, we can make sure we can pass things out of a setting here,
 a little orange, so they're not in it, but we don't actually have to be patient,
 so it's only pieces that wear a big, better head record.
 Now, with some hair,
 top names that are being only in princess, they're going to be doing.
 Or, what a princess go out with CGI.
 If it's a black, it's really, I guess not.
 You know what I'm not saying? I just want to tell.
 You can even get married back in a family table.
 You have to do that anyway, how much?
 You'll have to keep track of every one of these letters and get more back.
 Sure you will, really.
 Look, I'll just flip open your little corner.
 Be careful, Homer.
 You can get it started.
 All right, time.
 You got to start.
 You can wear jeans for headband, mind-hopping.
 Okay, you can wear jeans for headband.
 Thank you, too.
 Hey, give me that pillow.
 Okay, Peter.
 What do you wanna drop this for?
 Now I have what you do.
 Oh my gosh, what's going on?
 I can show you how to do this, I can't see you.
 They're the ones that these feathers are so cold in the room.
 (laughing)
 Hello?
 Hello?
 - Yeah, Father?
 I want you to come home and lie away.
 Watch out for now.
 Here I don't know, but ten men at home would say,
 " "I'm not even eating your breakfast."
 And the house is also a feather.
 - What, grass?
 - The feathers. They're floating all over the house.
 - Orange.
 Did you happen to notice my orange feather above home?
 [music]
 He's a much better than my old pal, Feathers.
 Is he okay with your little thing, Feather?
 Oh, my god, I'm so does that.
 You'll go right straight home and start sewing them together.
 Oh, you're always waiting for me?
 My old people is really marching.
 We kind of want to know all about every single thing.
 Don't tell me.
 You know everybody is here, twice in your eye.
 Hi, fellas.
 Goodbye, Lily.
 Where are you going?
 Yes, you got in the bag, fellas.
 You got something in the bag?
 Well, yes and no.
 He's a very fragile ghost and you have an old bag, really?
 Only wants to get the lube.
 He was a succulent orange medal.
 I don't want you to do this, Lily.
 Come on, honey.
 You better run.
 If I win, I might drop my bag, clearly.
 I wouldn't mind carrying a four-year-old.
 No, thank you.
 You don't have a clever tiger.
 Oh, he's been a biker to a whole lot?
 He got a good shot.
 He's doing a good job.
 He was what you got, now, fellas?
 What you for?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 Sam, will you please get out of my way?
 I can't get out of this. It's useless. It's not a snack.
 It's out of the air.
 Why don't we wait until they settle and then sweep them up?
 Sam, down, down, and do not settle.
 I've been waiting all morning for them to settle.
 Just because someone dreams, they all start fooling around again.
 You can't get out of this.
 I thought what?
 You have to put them in the cell phone.
 I suggest you put them back in my cell phone.
 Please phone, Santa has to clean it.
 I don't know.
 No, don't be too hot.
 I'll make it out.
 I'm going to do this inside of the cell phone.
 Hello?
 Hello, I'm Dr. Robert.
 Yes?
 This is Mr. J. This is a butcher shop.
 I'm calling you about your boy, Henry.
 That's me.
 You people want to search you for Thanksgiving and have to take one half this.
 That is.
 There's James Bird.
 They're running around gobbling like man's over tail feathers, recall.
 I know, brother, recall.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 What, Dad, homey?
 You're silly.
 You know, I know.
 This bag was in a signal hospital.
 I'm going to do what I do.
 Put some in my bag.
 You're my bag's figure.
 You're so silly.
 Don't call me.
 It's a day that I'm going to be the killing number.
 I'm not giving any more.
 Here.
 That's enough, homey.
 Hey, you're coming home, too.
 I'm going to do what I do.
 I'm going to do what I do.
 I'm going to do what I do.
 You're going to do what I do.
 I'm going to do what I do.
 You're going to do what I do.
 It's the day you're going to be shopping, and you're going to be shopping.
 Well, in a way.
 In a way, we have shopping, we haven't.
 We've got your dog.
 They said you were good.
 Your mother isn't the only one that's making the costume for the match.
 Great, Kathleen.
 You're going to make our costumes, too.
 You are, too.
 Really?
 Really?
 I'm going to do what you're going to do.
 Kathleen said he's going to be better.
 Kathleen said he's going to wear warholing anything.
 I'm not good at doing this and it's good at all. I'm not as good as I do. I'm not as good at doing this. You know, when I have strong ease and winders and rods I'm saying, it's good at all. You know what? I'm not talking to you. It's good at doing this and I'm not doing it.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 I'm Jack's new baby that.
 You're my uncle, thank you, that's your old safety,
 still green thanks, baby.
 And when you pick up your limits right,
 you'll register to the P.O.A. and you can't be.
 It's Jack's limit right?
 Why nobody can do that.
 My uncle, Dean.
 Is he?
 They're not still keeping up with his safety.
 He's kept banging limits right, he's into this.
 Don't you think he's gonna start,
 please?
 You're the fire, boy, come here.
 That's the better man, you know?
 When you're picking up limits right,
 he's gonna make him do a turn.
 You can't hit it.
 Then, Jack's gonna make him do a turn.
 You're gonna make him do a turn, you can't be.
 My uncle sipped away and said, "Oh, Kim, it's like great sex.
 "We keep alone, you can feel the delties."
 "We don't have the energy."
 Well, he must have been.
 He's great, not.
 He's great, he told me.
 He told me.
 He did.
 No, he did.
 He did.
 And in order we have to have traditional imagination of yours.
 And friends, we may not want to leave objects like Dribbeth Rock alone.
 It's great to be able to leave too, and tackle any job that takes energy.
 And it is great, not for energy.
 It's great, not for concentrated all around the world.
 including important feed values of the whole grain.
 A bowl of their body makes goodness get you off to a flying shot on a day.
 So take a tip and get a grip with a great smash.
 [MUSIC]
 And now I get into the troubles of Henry Aldrin.
 Henry and Homer, in an effort to make two Indian costumes,
 to escort Kathleen to a masquerade, that borrowed all the feathers they'd been flying.
 And now they've been informed like that later, she's going as expensive to India and sent
 possibly receiving the company of two American Indians.
 The thing opens in the woven drugstore.
 Then we have Jason Lerman's flat face, giving him the salt and a pink hair.
 Now that moment, besides your own self-friendly,
 Booking in the list, or is that heaven, man?
 He is a cat, we need to wanna be like that, we can be like that too.
 We're looking here, we're looking here, we're looking here, we're placing a princess out, that isn't what I mean.
 I mean, if he's gonna stand us up after all the trouble we've gone, then he won't take her to the masquerade at all.
 You're a hilly, sure.
 Oh, he's a little hilly, man.
 Oh, dear, oh, dear, oh, dear, oh, I would be like to be a hilly, man.
 For what?
 Homer and I are making ourselves a American Indian cat, too, Mr. the masquerade on Friday night.
 Geraldine, would you like to be an Indian children's out with us?
 Why, I think they all, you guys are basically wonderful, I believe.
 You really like it, Geraldine?
 I think you really like it, Geraldine.
 I think you really like it, Geraldine.
 Oh, yeah.
 And I'll be playing another one.
 What can I do?
 For the third of the year, you know?
 I can not continue?
 Are you looking at me?
 I don't have to expect that like that.
 But Geraldine, you know, I think you always do.
 I think that might be going a little too far.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (music)
 Sam, I don't see how we can possibly get those feathers down from the ceiling without
 climbing up their acid.
 Let me try it with the broom first.
 Now stand back up.
 Please be careful.
 I'll jump up and try to create a breeze that'll knock them down.
 You'll be ready to start catching.
 Oh, I like you.
 There, that's taking a move.
 Alice, get those coming down with a little help.
 Party there, going back up again.
 Welcome, Welcome.
 I'm coming up.
 You're laughing at us.
 I'm not doing this for entertainment.
 I want to talk to you.
 Hello?
 Hello, is this your daughter?
 Yes.
 This is your daughter's meeting.
 What is your mother's meeting?
 Well, Mrs. Anderson.
 Well, Mrs. Anderson, we're talking about the life of the big two bars.
 It's really unimportant, but the big thing means so much to children.
 Well, yes, of course Mrs. Anderson.
 I think it's a little bit of a constant,
 but Henry has a normal plan on letting you evacuate next Friday.
 Yes, so I'm afraid I don't know anything about their constant here, Mrs. Anderson.
 They are a young girl and giving in to this.
 And what?
 An awesome Indian.
 Her name is the bulldog that's speaking in.
 And they were carrying around logs that's a better thing.
 They did say, "They said it's a better thing to do."
 They said, "They're collecting that one Indian, who's there?"
 They said, "Come here."
 They thought it was a long way to go.
 Oh, no, Indian is a better thing.
 Just one moment, too.
 You call me Alex?
 Oh, still a minute, Alex?
 Don't move.
 I said, "It is a nice idea."
 I was going to do one.
 [laughter]
 I was going to go ahead.
 Oh, there you go.
 Under that minute.
 Are you all right, Mr. Vollig?
 Oh, yes, I'm sorry, Mr. Vollig.
 I thought the boy was in the top of his drawing.
 It really isn't terribly important, but I thought he was trouble making a copy of the
 cat's room.
 He's going at the Pinterest or media.
 So where is the guy in the game?
 In the app.
 That's how it is.
 It's coming over.
 It's crazy.
 When you see the dog taking that feather, what did you say about talking to Mr. Vollig?
 about talking to them. I'm going to go ahead and do well. The boys have a strong making
 marriage in costume here. I'm going to like to play the window and go with my dog.
 You see? Y'all are going to do it!
 Look! Then look out in the net!
 [Music]
 [Music]
 And I'll let you and Mary, I'm just gonna die.
 You do have to be looking all over time
 and Indian costume and I'll tell you what it is.
 And Indian costume? What's wrong with you?
 I'm going to draw the princess in India, but I've changed my mind.
 I've decided to draw in American Indian and still.
 My goodness, and American Indian!
 You're a princess, and you're going to go to the North Indian.
 And if I was going one day, then I'd ask you another girl.
 Or she'd go, "Where are you?"
 In my Mary, it's dead.
 I'm sorry, I only decided I need to go to the place next to India.
 You don't talk to me?
 Why not?
 My goodness, if I have to wear a bow over the long time, I say to the last over my eyes,
 I might take a grower a false phrase.
 [MUSIC]
 So I just ate a few out of the way that started.
 They have a little tail of feathers that goes right near our back.
 That's your other head raise. Yes father. Come in here in a minute. You have one.
 That would be tight. You know you have anything you think.
 Anyway, we're gonna do an open all day.
 So why father?
 Without Henry. You do, Homer.
 Yes, father.
 Yes, he's too old.
 And put down those bags.
 Yes, father. Yes, he's too old.
 Anyway, how did all these studies get down here?
 I was about to ask you the same question.
 When you kindly explain what happened to my fellow.
 Well, they learn if I got a glass of water.
 Get it on over.
 Now, yeah, maybe I'll begin with the orange feather that belongs in my hat.
 That feather is perfectly safe, Father. I haven't had an envelope up stairs.
 I see.
 Would you like to have me into the phone, Father?
 No, I would not.
 I like to, Father.
 Every new and whole world that's started in life six minutes and collects every single
 sanitary feather that's floating around his house.
 But through a scallory, we can only meet, Father.
 You can't have the space tomorrow.
 to collect my grandfather or couldn't use an act. You make me whatever you wish. And when you have him collect he's gonna throw them away.
 Oh, then father? Yes, along with those takers that is. Yes, he's doing it again. Yes? Yeah, that's what you're saying.
 That's what you're saying is going to be the costume, right? What are you going to do, Bob?
 He thinks he can find the eye dark costume for him in his helmet.
 You have no eye dark costume, he's going to be the eye dark costume for him in his helmet.
 I told him that the scene is both over the masquerade as Roger, so there's no costume in the match I didn't even...
 Your mother, your brother looks like her as Roger anyway.
 Mother, you don't understand.
 Well, what's another henry?
 You bought dinner by Kathleen's the masquerade, baby, too?
 [Singing]
 Now listen, don't be just for one minute.
 Hey, let me talk to you.
 I don't want to listen to you, don't want to do it.
 In a way, Homer, but you!
 I'm going to be listening to you. I've got my heart got you all ready and I'm going to wait until the next time.
 You think, Toby? You're going to be thinking I know somebody who will. I don't think you can hear me all the time.
 But Kathleen, you are getting wise, our costumes. I definitely wish you made them go live.
 But your mother said... My mother must remember you sure yet.
 I'm going to get you right in the middle of that
 you need a bag of onion and a top.
 - The Kathleen and school are feathers and what?
 - That's too bad, honey.
 And I'll just have to find somebody
 who's going in the bathroom and in the bathroom.
 - Oh, no!
 Never mind, no more.
 I'll answer it.
 It's probably good.
 And you're going to say you can try.
 Hello?
 - Hello, is that your head rate?
 - Yes, Elle.
 I need Charlie.
 Oh, I might go with a phone that's only Charlie Clark.
 - You have a little bit of kind of pain
 There's a lot of pain in the feather.
 That is done.
 Did you say so too?
 Can they please?
 Yeah, late March,
 on high-ended ourselves,
 to England,
 talking for the last three.
 Didn't you tell us to leave?
 Sure, we found a couple of bags of feathers
 out on your street last time.
 Well, you win.
 Yeah, I'm late now,
 trying to find two girls who will be willing to know it's flaws.
 Listen, guys,
 those are mine feathers.
 You're a crazy.
 Everything's on the right on the street.
 Hey, you know they kind of pay their notes.
 Yeah, see you here, Chloe.
 [Music]
 (crowd cheering)
 - I'm gonna have a call straight.
 You and Kathleen wanna come.
 - You and Kathleen, you want to be dancing that man?
 I'm gonna talk to everybody to be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna talk to everybody to be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 I'm gonna be dancing that man.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 My mom's the winner. If I was going to the couple in the public owner, the couple left me the only one day that's dark in the morning.
 Oh, I feel like I'm going to be here.
 Sorry, baby, baby. Please, please, please, please, please, please. I feel like I'm asking you.
 Boy, someday, I'll try.
 Good evening, Kathleen.
 [laughter]
 Oh, well, well, well, I was yelling.
 You too, I mean, you're graduating.
 Hi, fellas, having a good time?
 Hi, Ellen.
 Well, I guess we better get going up on the flat one.
 I don't hear it on the moon.
 That's it. I don't think so.
 I don't think so.
 Don't do that. I'm not going to be here.
 [Laughter]
 Come on, Ellen.
 You're really your time and good.
 That's the fire of the museum.
 It's something that the young lady hoped.
 (audience laughing)
 - There it is.
 (laughs)
 Thank you very much.
 So, listen, I'm waiting for you.
 (audience laughing)
 But that's my girlfriend, your voice is changing.
 All I know is that you'll hear it.
 Come on, hear my lights dance.
 (audience laughing)
 (audience laughing)
 [applause]
 Hey, fella.
 Is this a silly talk about the tailpawn?
 -What? -Gracie snow.
 Don't worry for me.
 But listen, I've got a strong idea for you.
 Now, I like emptying toasty brown grape nuts, like fine trees,
 but maybe some folks don't.
 Well, it's not like grape nuts, right?
 What, everybody?
 Well, I'm in fortunate a crime scene,
 because I never leave a press machine,
 so here's my big idea.
 The tailpawn.
 What's that got there?
 -You look great, not great. -Yeah, I see.
 The kale, the pecan, is great nut plate spelled backwards,
 for folks who are fat with the body and flexors.
 You can't get on?
 Ha, ha, ha, ha.
 Well done, I'm not a better idea.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's a great nut plate, living with late-cruity milk
 before anybody.
 And he will be backwards very long about eating breakfast.
 Because great nuts plates have a twice as good flavor,
 sunlight with wheat and molten barley,
 a delicious and different flavor blend.
 And how fast your work goes after that delicious breakfast
 It's great, my plate's all whole green, so you'll climb full of all around whole grain nourishment.
 Try 'em, folks. You'll see. You'll say those great nuts, plate.
 They've got what it takes.
 It's time to go to sleep, Stan.
 Alex, I can't sleep without my pillow.
 I'll never be able to sleep to stay without that pillow.
 But, dear, I believe you want to be kept at the increasing.
 Yes, it feels like horse hair.
 The father is a new silhouette.
 Ted, let's go away.
 Yes, all the time that's been cut,
 they've got a new one.
 Well, when you decided we should give you this, Father.
 What is it?
 It's a pair of new science fatty pillows.
 Pumped Homer won them from a Coke-Tet.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 The Aldrich family is based on delicate,
 originated by typical goldsmith.
 And saw it as this on as Henley, which
 Jackie Kalka's Homer. Mr. and Mr. Dalgic are House Jamison and Katherine Watts. A plate. Two of America's favorite breaths for Syria.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 You're a batman, you're gonna go for granddee to log cabin to.
 No wonder it's America's most popular maple blended spirit.
 Ask for a large cabin spirit tomorrow.
 No party in New Orleans!
 (music)
 Listen again next week, same time, same season.
 For another settling half hour with the All-Great Family.
 And they build in vultate, mistering.
 Immediately following this program over the same table.
 So let's hear everybody do what you think your remembering when they split.
 [Music]
 the broadcast is waiting.
 (music)
