 [ Music ]
 >> And now the Jell-O family presents...
 >> Henry! Henry all great!
 >> Coming, Mother!
 [ Applause ]
 >> Yes, it's the Aldrich family based on characters
 originated by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie
 Kelp as Homer. And yes it's the Jell-O family.
 Oh the big red ladder stand for the Jell-O family. Oh the big red ladder stand for the Jell-O family.
 That's Jell-O Union. Jell-O Pudding's yum yum yum. Jell-O Tack. Be-Oka Pudding's Yes-A-R-E.
 And now for the Aldridge family.
 (dramatic music)
 There's an old saying that goes something like this.
 Youth is so wonderful a thing.
 It's a shame to waste it on the young.
 But grown-ups can always recapture some of their teenage
 by reliving the experiences of a typical American boy
 like Henry Aldrich.
 With seen openings in Henry's room, the time it is early afternoon.
 But Homer, how was I to know?
 Henry, you're too impulsive, especially when it comes to girl.
 But she was already sitting when I came over to your table.
 You should have waited till she stood up.
 Sure, that's easy enough to say now, Homer.
 But why didn't you say something when it would have done me some good?
 Or why didn't Agnes say something?
 How can you tell someone not to ask a girl for a date because you think she's bigger
 than he is.
 Bigger.
 Boy, when she stood up to go, I thought I'd die.
 What if I had to dance with her and have to hold her around the knees, practically?
 Maybe you better break the date, him.
 Yeah.
 Maybe I'd bet.
 But she's so pretty.
 Homer, did you happen to notice her eyes?
 Probably.
 What did you think of them?
 How should I know?
 I'm not an optometrist.
 I happen to think they were exceptionally attractive.
 You do?
 I certainly do.
 They're color, for instance.
 Sort of blue.
 Navy blue.
 And her eyelashes.
 Did you ever see eyelashes that long?
 Sure.
 Oh, my head.
 Well, you ought to see them, hen.
 When she has them on, I mean.
 Now, wait a minute, Homer.
 Are you insinuating that Helen's eyelashes come on and off?
 I didn't insinuate anything, him.
 Okay.
 And her lips, Homer.
 Did you happen to notice her lips?
 I don't think so.
 They're so cute.
 Well, I'll tell you how I feel about lips, him.
 Personally, I'll take them not so cute,
 but low enough down so I can reach them.
 (audience laughing)
 Homer, Homer, what do you think I ought to do?
 Break the day.
 No.
 keep the day. But she's too tall. Can't you think of something else? What else is
 it? I don't know. Let's see. What if? What if what Homer? My father's Derby. What
 about it? That'd give you at least three inches. Sure. Well what happens when I
 take it off? You don't. You mean I keep it on all evening? My father wouldn't mind.
 Listen Homer, how would you like it if you were a girl and the fella kept his
 Derby on all evening. Okay. How about? No. What? How about what? I was gonna suggest
 you go to a beauty parlor and get them to fix your hair so it stood up straight. That's
 silly. Yeah. Sure. We never last all evening. Suppose what? Suppose we planned the date
 so you never had to stand up all during. Huh? Look, you phoned Helen just before you're
 supposed to pick her up on Saturday and tell her it's going to be very crowded at the movie.
 So you're going to hurry over there and hold two seats and she can meet you inside.
 Then you're already sitting when she gets there. Sure! But how do we get out of the movie without
 her seeing me stand up I mean. Oh let's see. When you see the part coming where you came in
 you ask her what flavor ice cream she likes. Suppose it's caramel delight. Yeah. You say that
 The dehaven structure always runs out of caramel delight very early on Saturday night.
 Yeah?
 So you're gonna rush over there and reserve some.
 By the time Helen gets there, you're sitting again.
 I don't know, Homer.
 Why not?
 So far, you're two-thirds through the date and she hasn't seen it your full length once.
 That's true.
 Although, actually, I'll be spending most of the date running away from her, won't I?
 Not necessarily, him.
 Once you're sitting, there's no reason you can't sit as long as you want.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 Now all we've got to figure out is how to get her home with you sitting.
 I'll get it Homer. You keep thinking.
 Hello?
 Hello Henry Agnes.
 Oh, hello Agnes.
 Guess what?
 My father had to buy four tickets for the charity done to the club Saturday night and he gave them all to me.
 Oh, that's nice.
 Two for Homer and me and two for Helen and you.
 Had you had your hands?
 Uh-huh.
 No thanks Agnes.
 I don't think you understand, and you don't have to pay for them.
 [laughter]
 Even so, Agnes.
 No, thanks.
 Why not?
 Because dancing requires you to...
 Never mind, Agnes.
 I'd just rather not.
 What's the matter?
 You're too good to dance for charity.
 Well, Agnes, it isn't that.
 I'd just rather not dance with Helen.
 That's all.
 Well, she'll certainly be interested in hearing that.
 Oh, wait, Agnes.
 Listen.
 Why is she going to love you?
 Agnes, you don't understand.
 Agnes.
 - Yes, Henry?
 - Thank you very much for the tickets.
 I'd love to go to the Dan.
 - That's well, and you make the arrangements with Homer.
 We'll make a big night of it.
 Bye.
 - Goodbye.
 - Hey, Henry, I've got it all worked out.
 You're in the ice cream policy.
 - We're going dancing.
 - Helen sees a friend at another table,
 so she turns around a wave to her in the minute of dancing.
 That's the worst thing in the world for you to be doing.
 I know.
 [music]
 Well for goodness sake Helen, you don't have to snap my hat off.
 But Agnes, why did you have to make it dancing?
 That's the worst thing in the world under the circumstances.
 I'm sorry, Helen, but it never occurred to me that Henry might be shorter than you.
 That's all I've worried about since we made the day.
 Then why did you make it?
 Well, he's sort of cute.
 And cute?
 Oh my goodness, yes.
 Well, I guess that's what makes horse racing.
 What should I do, Agnes?
 You want me to call him and cancel a dance?
 No, he'll guess why and hate me for him.
 Then let's just go and make the best of him.
 Oh no, he'll hate me every minute he's dancing with me.
 Then what do you want me to do?
 I don't know.
 Oh, sometimes...
 Sometimes I wish I were a pig me.
 [Music]
 Well tell me Homer, what do you think?
 Let me see you walk again.
 Can you tell?
 If I weren't with you while you had it done, him, I'd never know.
 How did you do it, Mr. Bridges?
 Why, I just built his shoes up on the inside.
 How do they feel, Henry?
 Pretty good, except that I feel I'm leaning forward all the time.
 Am I?
 Just a little hen, about 10 degrees.
 That's because most of the build-up is in the heel. You'll get used to it.
 I hope so.
 Are you sure you can't tell Homer?
 Soon as you straighten yourself out, you'll look perfectly natural, hen.
 Lean back a little.
 Like this?
 Yeah, that-- oops, not too far.
 How much?
 Come forward again.
 Little more, more, more. Hold it. Okay. How does he look to you now, Mr. Bridges?
 Why, you look fine, Henry. Fine. In a few minutes you'll feel as though you've been wearing
 them all your life. Sure. Well, thanks a lot, Mr. Bridges. Goodbye. Fine, Mr. Bridges.
 Goodbye, boys. How does it feel, Hen? Very comfortable.
 No, I mean up there.
 Oh, I think this air is a little cleaner.
 Yeah, no one to tall people are healthier than short people.
 Gee whiz, I'll marry you.
 I only built them up an inch.
 Well, you never--
 Hey, there's Agnes.
 Hey, Agnes.
 Wait a minute.
 Come on, Henry.
 Homer, you won't say anything to her about--
 you know what, will you?
 Of course not.
 Gee whiz, what do you think I am, a cad?
 Listen, homie.
 I know I don't like to be kept waiting.
 - Hi, Henry.
 - Hi, Agnes.
 Well, I'd better get home, Homer.
 See you later, kids.
 - Sure.
 Sure.
 - So long, Hen.
 Oh, what I wanted to talk to you about, Agnes.
 Why are you looking at me like that?
 - You know something, Homer.
 - Why?
 - I never before realized you were such a shrimp.
 [Music]
 Alice, you know where Henry is?
 Not exactly, Sam. He said he had a problem to work out, something about a charity.
 Oh, that's nice. I'm glad to see he's getting interested in civic affairs.
 By the way, dear, that reminds me. Are we going to the charity dance at the club this Saturday?
 Oh, let's not, Alice. I'm too tired.
 My goodness, Sam, what's the matter with you lately?
 You haven't done a stitch of exercise in two months, I'd say.
 That's not true.
 I played handball at the Y just to--
 just to-- is it really two months?
 At least.
 And dear, you're beginning to barge.
 Barge?
 Me?
 Where?
 Oh, besides I'm not as young as I used to be.
 That's exactly why you should be getting some exercise, dear.
 You know what happens to the human body, as it grows older,
 isn't taken care of begins to sort of shrivel nonsense Alice in the first place
 I'm not that old yet and in a second what in the world would a horse be doing
 on our porch
 as a matter of fact it does sound like a horse is that you Henry yes mother excuse
 me Alice I'll speak to him yes dear I'm right in the middle of my potato Henry
 how many times do I have to tell you to take off your roller skates before coming
 in this house.
 Skates father, I don't have in my skates, huh?
 Oh, well, what in the world was all that?
 Henry.
 Yes, father?
 Are you wearing your trouser belt a little higher, these days?
 She was, no.
 Oh, it seemed to me.
 Oh.
 May I go upstairs now?
 Well, yes, yes, certainly.
 See you later.
 Yes.
 Hello?
 Yes, dear.
 What were you just saying about a person shriveling up?
 But father, why can't I have it done?
 Because, home, there's nothing wrong with you as you are.
 Nothing that build up shoes could help that is.
 But how would you like it if your girl called you a shrimp?
 Now dear, you just eat your spinach and you'll get to all that.
 Spinach isn't what made Henry tall.
 Do as your mother told you, Homer. Eat your spinach.
 But why can't I have my shoes built up?
 Because spinach is cheaper than leather.
 I don't like spinach.
 It's good for you. Here, have some of mine.
 Well, you eat your spinach too.
 Why? I'm tall enough.
 Now, will.
 What do you mean by a statement like that?
 Father, you're not so tall either.
 What?
 All I meant in our family are shrimp.
 Is that so?
 Sure, look at Uncle Harry.
 He's a head and a half shorter than an Amy.
 And Amy is an exceptionally tall woman.
 Oh, you really think so, Will?
 What?
 Well, I'm a good four inches taller than Uncle Harry.
 Well, at least three inches.
 To winch it?
 Listen Henry, how much longer are we gonna wait for?
 I saw her go into Agnes's house almost an hour ago.
 She's gotta come out soon.
 Okay.
 What makes you think an inch isn't enough?
 Well, I caught a glimpse of Helen at school today,
 standing next to Charlie Clark.
 And from where I was standing,
 she seemed about an inch taller than Charlie.
 No kidding.
 Sure.
 And a little later I saw Charlie talking to Francine Lita.
 He looked about two and a half inches taller than Francine.
 That's who you should have made the date with.
 Charlie?
 Oh, Francine.
 She doesn't excite me.
 Anyway, just for the fun of it, I went over to talk to Francine.
 It seemed to me I was about three inches taller.
 So?
 So don't you see?
 If I'm three inches taller than Francine,
 who's two and a half inches shorter than Charlie, who's
 an inch shorter than Helen, that still makes me about a half
 inch too short.
 Wow.
 Oh, in that case--
 Here she comes.
 Hide in this doorway.
 Remember, she passes that fence,
 make a metal picture of where she comes to on it.
 - Okay.
 - The coast is clear, Ann.
 - Good, come on.
 Where she come to Homer.
 - Right about here, I think.
 - That high?
 Seemed to me it was closer to down there.
 - It was up here, Ann.
 - Well, I'll tell you what.
 Let's take a point halfway between your opinion and mine.
 That'll bring it to about right here.
 Okay, I got it, Hen.
 Stand with you back to the fence.
 Okay.
 Well?
 Hen, what time does the shoemaker open in the morning?
 (upbeat music)
 ♪ Oh, the big red letter stand for the Jell-O family ♪
 ♪ Oh, the big red letter stand for the Jell-O family ♪
 That's jello!
 Yum yum yum!
 Jello puddings!
 Yum yum yum!
 Jello tap!
 Be your good pudding, just agree!
 Yes, there are desserts for everybody's family
 and the famous jello family of yum yum desserts.
 For instance, pineapple lime delight
 made with shimmering green lime jello
 looks as fresh as spring itself,
 just as all the package of lime jello
 in two cups of hot canned pineapple juice and water.
 When slightly thickened,
 Fold in two slices of diced canned pineapple together with four cut-off marshmallows.
 Yes, tempting tangy lime jello with pineapple and luscious marshmallows.
 Enjoy all six delicious jello flavors.
 Strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime.
 All six, rich with that locked-in goodness that's exclusive with jello.
 Flavors so rich and satisfying, it reminds you of the real ripe fruit itself.
 That's Jell-O, America's favorite gelatin dessert.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Ulrich.
 Henry has been experiencing all sorts of difficulties,
 trying to build himself up to the exact height of the girl he
 has to date with for a dance.
 So far, he's succeeded only in making Mr. Ulrich apparently
 shriveled.
 But singing his Agnes' house.
 The time is the following day.
 - But a few in Henry go to the church supper.
 Helen all after dance, every dance went home.
 - I'm sorry Agnes, but at a supper you sit.
 - Hello?
 - Hello, is this Henry Aldrin?
 - Speaking.
 - This is Helen Henry.
 - Oh, please, I mean, hello.
 - Henry, the church is having a supper this Sunday night.
 - Really?
 - Uh huh, and I thought you might prefer going to that.
 - Why?
 - Well, uh, uh.
 Oh, you mean...
 Uh...
 Yes.
 Well, if you think...
 Helen, wait!
 One minute, Henry. What is it, Agnes?
 Did you see what it says in the ad for the church supper?
 No, what?
 It's a buffet supper you have to eat standing.
 Oh, and there's square dancing afterwards!
 Oh, my!
 Hello, Henry. You don't really want to go to the church supper, do you?
 Do you?
 Up, two, three, four. Down, two, three, four.
 But dear.
 Up, two, three, four.
 Oh, they at the gym are now these weights at home.
 I thought you wanted me to exercise.
 Yes, but not as a full-time job.
 Two, three, four. Up, two, out.
 For what happened?
 I think something gay Sam old rich that's enough for today
 Maybe you're right Alice
 Do I look any less shriveled much dear? Well, I feel a lot better
 Would you mind helping me to the couch? I think I'll lie down
 In here Homer, how you mr. Oldrich great? That's nice worse Henry in his room there. Thanks. See you later mr. Oldrich
 I'll be right here Homer flat on my back
 Hi, him. Hi, Oliver. I ran over as soon as I got your missu-
 Boy, Mr. Bridges certainly went to town on your shoes this time. He added another soul and double heel.
 Oh boy. I mean, I don't think I'm tall enough yet.
 What? Listen, Homer Helen phoned me a little while ago. What for? I think she's worried too.
 Yeah, well what'd you want me for?
 Well, I figure I'll know exactly how much build up I need if I can get someone to find
 out her exact height.
 Oh no, not me.
 Homer, let's go downtown and have a soda.
 Unmea.
 And I'll tell you just what I have in mind.
 Well, okay.
 Boy, you think you've got troubles.
 Look at me.
 If you can see that far down.
 Listen Homer, being this high up has its disadvantages too.
 Like what?
 Like doorknobs for instance.
 What about doorknobs?
 I keep missing them.
 Overshooting.
 No kidding.
 Sure.
 It's going to be even worse with this new build up on top of the old build up.
 She...
 Now just relax Sam, try to rest.
 Hello mother, hi father.
 Hello, Henry.
 Oh my.
 Father, what's the matter?
 Sam!
 Up two three four down two three four.
 [MUSIC]
 Agnes, are you sure you don't mind
 learning me your eyelashes for Saturday?
 >> Of course not.
 >> Hi Agnes.
 >> Wow.
 >> Hello, Helen.
 >> Hello Homer.
 >> What do you want?
 >> I just happened to be passing by and I didn't know you had company Agnes.
 >> Well now you know.
 >> Yeah.
 And what we're talking about is strictly private.
 I think I better go.
 Whoa.
 So long every.
 Boy, that's a beautiful pin you have on Helen.
 Oh, thank you, Homer.
 Can I see it?
 I was thinking of buying one.
 Let him see it, Helen.
 For my mother.
 Goodbye, Homer.
 (audience laughing)
 Goodbye.
 So long.
 So long.
 Homer.
 Yes, Agnes?
 Beat it.
 By the way, Helen, have you heard about the newest answer
 doing the girl stands up and the boy stands with his back to the girl like
 this and turns his head all the way around as far as...
 -H
 Well hello there Will. Oh hello Sam. How are you doing sitting here on a fire hydrant waiting for a bus?
 No, no, I just had my shoes my feet hurt a bit. I thought I'd sit down and rest a while
 Oh, well come on. I walk you home exercise. I'll do us both good sure. Let's go
 As a matter of fact talking about exercise
 You know you're leaning forward a bit well
 I am. How's that? That's better.
 Talking about exercise, I noticed that...
 What's the matter, Sam? Why are you looking at me like that?
 Nothing. Nothing. Oh. By the way, Sam, I think there's a
 speck of dust down there on the top of your hat. There it is. I don't see it.
 Well, maybe you just looked like it from up here.
 Oh.
 Uh, well, do you mind walking home by yourself?
 Why, where are you going, Sam?
 Back to the gym.
 Can't you walk a little faster than the girls are waiting?
 I'd like to see you walk down steps any faster on stilts practically.
 Practically.
 Maybe you shouldn't have put on two pair of sweat socks in.
 Maybe the three cardboard in our soles would have been enough.
 Maybe.
 Who measured himself against Talon and said I needed another wrench.
 Boy, my ankles are killing me.
 There.
 Is it easier on level ground, Hen?
 A little.
 Mother, we're going...
 Dear, are you sure your father said you could have the car?
 Positive.
 What exactly did he say?
 Nothing.
 looked up at me and handed over the keys. Oh well have a nice time boys. Henry the phone is probably for you. Oh thank you. Hello? Henry. Yes Father hold it I'll get mother. I know Henry I want to speak to you. Oh you're
 gonna so kill me. What is it Father? I want you to come and get me. What? Where are you? Down at the Y. All the way down there? Father how about taking a bus home? The girls are waiting for us.
 Girls can wait, Henry, they don't have sprained back.
 Do you, Father?
 In three places.
 Well, how about a taxon?
 Poor an ambulance.
 Henry, this is partly your fault.
 My fault and what way, Father?
 Never mind, just come down and pick me up.
 Yes, Father.
 Henry said for me to pick up you on Hell and then heat me to share it today.
 Where is he?
 I don't know.
 She'd have been here by now.
 She better come to look at poor Helen.
 She's been sitting there since we got here.
 Yeah.
 By the way, Agnes, what happened to her?
 What do you mean?
 Well, she doesn't seem to be as high off as she used to.
 Oh, that.
 Homer, can you keep a secret?
 You know me, Agnes.
 Yeah, but I'll tell you anyway.
 Would you see Helen thought Henry was too short for us, so she's wearing her hair as
 flat as possible in the lowest heels she could find.
 Oh boy, but Henry spent the whole week building up his shoe so he'd be tall enough hours.
 No kidding.
 Sure, he's gonna tower over and now.
 Homer, hello, Mar.
 Someone wants to see you outside.
 Me?
 That's right.
 Excuse me, Ag.
 With pleasure, excuse me, Mar.
 My dad's being tall.
 Pssst.
 Homer, over here, behind the bush.
 Henry, what's the matter?
 Listen, Homer.
 A terrible thing just happened.
 Why?
 I was downtown helping my father into the car, see?
 Yeah.
 And in the struggle, my foot got caught on the running board,
 and one of my heels came off.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just look at me.
 Henry, you shrunk.
 Completely.
 Couldn't you put it back on?
 No.
 It rolled down the sewer.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Boy, that's great.
 Homer, I thought you were a pal.
 You don't understand him.
 Helen's much smaller now.
 What?
 She's wearing her head and shoes flat.
 Really?
 Sure, you'll be just right for her now.
 Oh boy!
 Humber, where are you?
 Coming Agnes, look who's here.
 Henry, will I'm glad to see...
 Homer, I thought you told me he was...
 He was, but now he is.
 Come on, let's go in. I'm dying to dance.
 Where's Helen?
 Oh boy!
 Agnes, what's the matter?
 Homer, you told...
 So I told Helen...
 And why?
 She went home to get her high heel shoes again!
 Well, Gee, you were...
 Why, how many of you have a child dance?
 Or anyone who knows something else?
 What, Agnes?
 Where'd I get the idea you were a shrimp?
 Tonight you seem much taller.
 I do.
 Yes, and lots stronger too, homeroal kid.
 What a man!
 She is.
 I am sure.
 Now when you step on my feet, I can feel it.
 Well, ladies, there is one time when appearances are never deceiving.
 That's when you serve colorful, shimmering, jello for dessert.
 Because jello, with that tempting fruit-like goodness,
 always tastes as good as it looks.
 In any of those six delicious flavors, strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange,
 lemon, or lime, every jello flavor is a special treat in itself,
 rich with that famous locked in goodness.
 Flavors seal right in by a special process, so it can't get out to your first
 delectable spoonful. Look for it on your grocery's dessert shelf tomorrow.
 Look for those big red letters on the box.
 Those big red letters stand for the jello family of yum yum desserts.
 desserts.
 Hey Henry, guess what? You've won a prize. A prize? No kidding. Sure. Go ahead Henry.
 The Downey Donut Award. Huh. Presented to Ezra Stone as Henry Aldridge as the boy who
 typifies the nation's ideal teenage donut donut donker. Boy that's wow. The only thing is him. Why?
 Don't I get anything? Sure homie you'll get to carry it.
 The Aldrich family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer is written by Frank Tarlov with music by Jack Miller.
 Ms. Grinn Mrs. Aldrich, our house Jamison and Catherine Rod.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying, "The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 Oh, the big red ladder stand for the Jello family.
 Oh, the big red ladder stand for the Jello family.
 That's Jello, yum, yum, yum.
 Jello pudding, yum, yum, yum.
 Jello tap, b-y-o-ka pudding, yam, sari.
 New as new as a square egg.
 Amazing, the only one of its kind.
 That's minute rice.
 Minute rice for magically quick, quick meals.
 You've never tasted such true rice flavor.
 You've never seen rice so light, white, and fluffy.
 And all you do is drop it in water and bring to a boil.
 No washing, rinsing, draining, or steaming.
 Minute rice is quicker to fix than potatoes.
 You'll want to use it in all sorts of combinations for quick, quick meals.
 Remember the name "minute"?
 Minute rice in the red, white, and blue box.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Quick George, Patchessy Kase. We've got a New York on the rocket ship.
 What?
 The engineer in the control room says we're going from coast to coast in 40 seconds.
 Gracie means our program is on next on NBC.
 [bell]
 [ Silence ]
