 You know something, your coffee dollars last longer when you buy instant
 sycra coffee because a jar of the new improved instant sycra costs a good
 third less than a pound of most ground coffees. It costs less and it gives you
 more. Besides a new wonderful flavor, instant sycra offers you freedom from
 caffeine effect and if the caffeine and coffee upset your nerves or sleep you
 You know what a priceless advantage that is.
 Try it.
 Economical instant-sica coffee.
 Hello, everybody.
 Now America's red letter desserts present.
 Henry!
 Henry Oldridge.
 Coming, mother.
 Yes, it's the Oldridge family.
 [applause]
 Yes, it's the old hit family.
 Based on characters originated by Professor Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kelke as Homer.
 And yes, it's the Jell-O family. America's red letter dessert.
 [music]
 Oh, the big red letter stand for Jell-O family. Oh, the big red letter stand for Jell-O family.
 That's Jell-O, yum-yum-yum.
 ♪ Tell the warnings, yum yum yum ♪
 ♪ Jell-a-tack, bioca planning, chassery ♪
 And now for the Aldrich family.
 It's late afternoon and the scene opens in the Aldrich front hall.
 Henry, I just spoke to Mal and Patrick on the phone
 and she wants to know if you're coming to her weekend skating park.
 - Sure I'm coming, Mary. - Well, she asked me to make up a list.
 Who are you going to take?
 Just put a question mark down temporarily.
 You have nast anybody?
 Oh sure, I've asked.
 Anita Swanson.
 Whose father owns the supermarket on Elm Street?
 Yeah.
 What are you doing?
 I'm putting her name down.
 Oh, wait, Mary.
 There's just one fly in the ointment.
 What's that?
 Her father.
 He has to approve of whoever takes her.
 What are you doing?
 Crossing her off.
 Well, Mary, don't be so hasty.
 Mother!
 I'm in the kitchen, Henry!
 Excuse me, Mary.
 If Anita doesn't work out Henry, you can always ask the mother girl.
 Mary, every girl has a father.
 What is it, Henry?
 Mother, would you mind if I ask you a frank question?
 How frank?
 Very frank.
 Are you sure it isn't something you'd rather ask your father?
 Mother, I think you're right. I'll ask him.
 Father!
 What is it?
 Are you in the den?
 Not anymore.
 Well, Father, I'd like to ask you something.
 I think I'd better leave.
 What is it you want, Henry?
 Can I ask you a frank question?
 Well...
 A very frank question.
 Erm, well, just wait until I light my pipe.
 You won't need your pipe, Father. It's not that frank.
 Oh.
 What is it?
 Father, you've known me a good many years over the years, haven't you?
 I have.
 Suppose you just forget I'm your son.
 I'm willing.
 Yeah, huh?
 (Laughter)
 Now, now, what would you say, just looking at me,
 What's your general impression of me?
 Well...
 Be Frank.
 You really want a Frank opinion?
 Be...
 How Frank?
 (audience laughing)
 Very Frank.
 Father, maybe my question was too general.
 Let me put it this way.
 Do you consider me reliable?
 Enry over the years and forgetting you're my son.
 Let me put it this way.
 There have always been certain things I could rely on you for.
 Gee, Father, thanks.
 And would you be willing to tell that to Mr. Swanson?
 Mr. Swanson owns the supermarket.
 Oh, yes, the one that has that very pretty daughter?
 Yeah, she's super, too.
 Yeah, come to think of it, he does have a daughter.
 Yeah.
 So, would you?
 Henry, I don't think a recommendation from your father would carry much weight.
 No?
 Well, how about a recommendation from Ms. Agleston?
 Your English teacher?
 No, you're right. That would be too much weight.
 Hey, are you out of the home?
 I'll be right there Homer. Thanks anyway, father. They get something you have to work out for yourself
 I guess so. Hi Homer. Can I have you spoken to Anita's father yet? No, I'm just sort of making plans to listen
 I just found out something interesting that might interest you what mr. Swanson has a job open in a supermarket
 He has don't you think that's interesting? You mean I should take the job Henry? I think you've hit on a wonderful idea
 I've not wait a minute. Don't you see? Once you're a fellow co-worker, Mr. Swanson's, how can he refuse you?
 Would you mind telling me why you're so interested?
 Well, Geraldine told me her father said she could go with me, only if Anita's father lets her go with you.
 What? So Henry, don't you see? You'll really be making an impression for both of us.
 [Music]
 Alice, have you seen that old briefcase of mine anywhere?
 No. And Sam, I'm just wondering if you should have let Henry go down and apply for that job.
 Alice, he had his heart set on it. What could I say?
 Well, if he was so anxious to work, why couldn't you give him a job in your office?
 That's exactly what I offered to do.
 What did he say?
 Unless I gave Mr. Swanson a job to it, wouldn't do him any good.
 I don't understand.
 Who does? I could have sworn I put that briefcase right here by my desk.
 I thought you discarded that old briefcase.
 I did, but to handle all my new one broke,
 and I'm using the old one, meanwhile.
 Have you seen it?
 It must be around somewhere.
 I should hope so. I've got some very important papers in it
 that I need for this afternoon.
 Sam, do you think Henry was dressed warmly enough?
 I'll just forget Henry for a minute,
 and let's find that briefcase.
 See Henry there's the sign help once yeah, how do I look Homer fine?
 What have you gotten that briefcase nothing?
 It's just for the interview Homer to give me a business like air. Oh
 It's an old one of my fathers. Come on. Let's go in and see mr. Swanson
 There he is right the checkout camera. Yeah
 Oh mr. Swanson yes, what can I do for you? I came in about the job you have in the window
 Oh, oh, one second. Charlie, take over here will you?
 Oh, okay, Mrs. Watson.
 No, just step over here.
 Yes, sir.
 You want a job, huh?
 Yes, sir.
 Yes, sir.
 Oh, wait a minute. Are you both applying for this job?
 Oh, no. Not me.
 What are you doing here?
 Wait. I'm just doing a little shopping.
 Shopping. How much are these cookies?
 23 cents.
 For how many boxes?
 One.
 Well, I'll just be shopping around.
 What's your name, son?
 Henry, Henry Aldridge.
 Mm-hmm, never worked before?
 Oh, sure, quite a few places.
 What was your last place of employment?
 Well, that was for quite a prominent attorney.
 What's his name?
 Does his name matter?
 Of course.
 It was a Mr. Samuel Aldridge.
 Oh, a relative.
 In a way.
 Where else did you work?
 Well, odd jobs. I've done quite a few odd jobs.
 Who for?
 Who for?
 Well, mostly, uh...
 Do you know a Mrs. Haldry jump on Elm Street?
 Another relative.
 Yeah, sorta.
 Mm-hmm.
 Well, son, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll give you a trial.
 You will? Oh, boy. Thanks, Mr. Swanson. Thanks a lot.
 Put your briefcase down and slip on this apron.
 Yes, sir.
 Now, as an employee of Swanson's market, I want you to keep two things in mind.
 First and foremost, there's our motto, Swanson's self-service, hell-service.
 Yes, sir.
 Swanson, Swanson's swans-- is this a Swanson swells--
 s--
 gee, that's a swell motto.
 Yes, sir.
 Tells the story.
 Person who thought that up certainly was clever.
 I suppose that was you.
 How much do you-- how much do you-- I mean Mr. Swanson?
 No, Mrs. Swanson.
 Oh.
 Now, secondly, you see that sign?
 Think?
 No, it may not sound like much, but just think about it.
 Now?
 What?
 You want me to think about it now?
 All the time.
 You keep thinking and you'll avoid costly mistakes and accidents.
 Think.
 That's pretty good.
 I'm going to write that down, T.
 That isn't necessary.
 Well, as far as I'm concerned, Mr. Swanson, I couldn't stop thinking if I tried.
 Yes, sir.
 No matter what else I'm thinking about, I'm always thinking.
 Yes, sir.
 All right.
 Now, suppose you unpack these cartons of canned tomatoes.
 Yes, sir.
 Just stack them right there on the top shell.
 Yes, sir.
 Henry, you're working.
 Yeah, he's giving me a one day he's pre-trying.
 Boy, that soil.
 I knew you could do it.
 Well, so long.
 Wait a minute, Homer.
 Hand me these cans and help.
 What?
 Don't you feel Geraldine is what's stacking for?
 Well, okay.
 When you put it that way.
 Here.
 Henny, I think you're stacking them too high.
 - No, I'm not.
 - Yes, you are.
 It's teetering.
 - Looks perfectly straight to me.
 - Back up a little and you'll see.
 - It still looks okay.
 - Back up a little further.
 - Looks straight.
 - Further, straight.
 - Further.
 - Henry, look out!
 (clattering)
 Oh boy.
 - What happened?
 - You back tried into that stack of beer cans
 and here comes Mr. Swanson.
 - Oh boy.
 - So long him.
 You mean you're gonna leave me to face the music alone Henry from the look on mr.
 Swanson's face. I don't think there's gonna be much music
 I'll just be shopping around but home
 What is it what happened?
 Why you're it's nothing that can't be straight now mr. Swanson
 It's a good thing that beer comes in cans. Yes. It's too bad that ketchup doesn't
 Catch up where oh boy. Well, that'll come off the walls pretty easily. Don't you think?
 Think don't you?
 Suppose you take off that apron. You mean I'm fired? Have you got a driver's license?
 Yes, sir
 I'd like you to take some deliveries out on the truck on the truck say that would be swell
 I only shouldn't I clean up the ketchup first? No, I think you'll be a lot safer on the outside
 Hear the keys. Oh, mr. Swanson. Have we got a Henry Aldrich here? We certainly have what is it?
 He's wanted on the phone. I am
 Gee was who would be calling me here go ahead and answer it. Hey, while you're on the phone
 I'll be taking you orders and I thought you were going you thought I'd leave you in a spot like that
 Where are the keys to the truck?
 You're gonna take this call Aldrich. Yes, sir. Okay. Homer. You'll be loading the truck right there on the counter. Thank you
 Hello hello, Henry. This is your father. Hello father. How's everything going? Why?
 It's going father. Good Henry. I don't suppose you know anything about it, but frankly I've looked everywhere and I'm desperate
 You didn't see that old briefcase of mine. Anywhere did you well?
 Do you need it?
 Yes, there's some papers in it that I've got to have for a very important conference over in Abbott City this afternoon.
 Have you seen it?
 As a matter of fact, Father, I know just where I can lay my hands on it, and suppose I bring it down to your office.
 Fine, and the sooner the better, Henry.
 Yes, Father, goodbye.
 Okay, Aldrich, suppose you get started on those orders.
 Yes, sir, and Mr. Swanson, would you reach under the counter and hand me that briefcase, please?
 There's no briefcase back here.
 What? Oh, boy, but I put it right behind there with my coat.
 Well, it's not here. Now get started.
 But that briefcase...
 Now look, son, do you want to work or just talk?
 But you see...
 Maybe I better put that sign back in the window.
 Well, I'm going, Mr. Swanson. I'm going.
 Gee, I could swear I'd put that briefcase right here next to the coffee grinder.
 Well, I'm going, Mr. Swanson.
 Now, Homer, have you got that stray shoe or hen?
 While you're making this delivery, I'll go back to the store and see if I can find the briefcase.
 And remember, don't let Mr. Swanson catch sight of the truck.
 Don't worry, I won't. And I'll come right back here and pick you up.
 Soooooooow.
 Hello.
 Good morning, Swanson's self-service, self-service.
 I'm from Swanson's.
 Oh, come right in.
 Just bring it right into the kitchen, please.
 Yes, ma'am.
 Set it right down on this chair.
 Yes, ma'am.
 Oh, uh, just a minute.
 Are you sure this is my order?
 It's got your name on it.
 Yes, but I didn't order this briefcase.
 What?
 Oh boy, I've been looking all over for that.
 Well, goodbye.
 Well, look, before you leave,
 I wonder if I could ask a favor of you.
 Gee, sure.
 So I had some self service, self service, you know.
 No, I didn't know.
 It's our motto.
 Oh, well, do you see that home freezer over by the sink?
 Yes, ma'am.
 It was just delivered this morning,
 I had the men put it next to my stove. Now I realize I can't get the oven door open.
 Ha! Is that right? Would it be too much trouble if I asked you to move it over by the sink
 for me? Nothing's too much for a science and self-service, which sells service. A new
 freezer, huh? Isn't it lovely? I guess it holds quite a bit, huh? Oh my goodness, yes.
 You can get a whole side of beef and over 200 pounds of fruit and vegetables in there.
 Yeah, is that right?
 Yeah.
 Boy, that's going to mean a big order for some store, isn't it?
 I guess so.
 Well, ma'am, I don't want to influence your decision, but wouldn't you prefer to buy
 it in a place like Swanson's where the employees keep thinking all day long?
 As a matter of fact, I probably will buy it there.
 Really?
 Well, I wouldn't necessarily expect you to tell Mr. Swanson I recommended you, but that
 is unless you really feel you want to.
 Well, I'll be glad to tell him that.
 You will?
 Oh boy, if you do that, Mrs. Billings, there's no question who I'll be ice skating with next weekend.
 I beg your pardon?
 Over by the rink, uh, sink, huh?
 Yeah.
 I'll have it over there in a jiffy.
 Is it very heavy?
 T-wiz, no.
 You're sure you don't mind.
 Glad to do it.
 [groaning]
 [groaning]
 How's that?
 I think it almost moved that time.
 [laughing]
 I just need more leverage.
 Yeah.
 [groaning]
 There!
 I'm getting it now!
 Oh, wait a minute. I think you better--
 [groaning]
 That's okay, guys!
 Did you turn the lights off?
 Don't you see what you did?
 You pulled the cord right out of the freezer.
 of the freezer. Oh boy, guess I forgot to disconnect the plug. Oh and now you've
 probably short-circuited the whole house. Wait, isn't there something they do with
 a penny? Not these days. No, just don't stand there, Sonny. Do something.
 [Music]
 Oh, mister, you and the truck there.
 Ah, yes, honey.
 You haven't seen a couple of dozen oranges laying around in the street, have you?
 Oh, she was. They dropped off my truck somewhere around here.
 Well, thanks.
 Oh, oh, honey, just a second.
 Yeah?
 Would you mind giving me a push? I think my battery's gone.
 Well, I'd like to, but I couldn't find the briefcase, and now on top of that I've lost the oranges,
 and he's probably wondering what's keeping me.
 It'll only take a second and I was supposed to deliver those chickens a half an hour ago.
 Chicken?
 Yeah, I'm like truck.
 Just take a second.
 Okay, I'll back up behind your truck.
 Yeah.
 No, wait till I get in now.
 Just keep rolling, fly away, and then cut away.
 Okay.
 Let it go.
 All right, keep going.
 No, no, no, wait, wait, hold it.
 What?
 Hold it!
 My crates are starting to...
 Hold it!
 No!
 No!
 Oh no, no!
 What happened? What happened?
 Look! Oh boy!
 Look at my chickens! They're all over the place!
 You never mind the chickens?
 Whose bumper is that laying on the ground?
 If you think Henry and Homer have problems,
 just listen to what Willie Marshall has to say.
 to say.
 Problems, problems, I'll say I got problems. My folks go out nights, I have to stay home
 as babysitter for my younger brother, Gulliver. But my folks have people in nights, I have
 to entertain them playing hearts and flowers on the piano. He gets a little guy, I can't
 even enjoy his dinner.
 Cheer up, Willie. Just ask your mother to have Jell-O for dessert and you'll feel swell,
 whatever happens. And say, have you folks heard about the new quick setting way to make
 Jell-O? You know, you get beautiful finished Jell-O desserts in just about one hour. Now
 Now all you do is dissolve the jello in one cup of hot water.
 Then add one cup of ice cubes or crushed ice filling the cup to the brim with water.
 Stir until the ice melts thoroughly then chill firm in the refrigerator.
 And adjust about one short hour there's a beautiful jello dessert already to serve.
 Try a jello treat this new quick setting way tomorrow.
 Remember, it's jello for red letter desserts.
 (dramatic music)
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich,
 it's later the same day, and the scene opens
 in a phone booth somewhere in Centerville.
 - Hello?
 Is this Harrison's electric shop?
 - That's right.
 - Well, I don't know if fellow who just bought
 some fuses there.
 - Yeah, who?
 Speak up, Sean.
 - The fellow from Swanson's market.
 Oh, you're the fellow who just bought some fuses.
 Well, what's wrong now?
 Were those very good quality fuses?
 Well, sure.
 Well, I'll tell you every time I put one in, it blows right out again.
 Well, there's nothing wrong with those fuses.
 You still got a short somewhere.
 I told you you should never fool around with those pennies in the fuse box.
 That wasn't my idea.
 It's illegal, too.
 I know.
 Besides, you can get terrible damage resulting from that.
 Well, maybe you better come over and take a look at it yourself.
 Well, I can't right now.
 But he was not in a terrible spot.
 I don't want to lose a good customer,
 but on the other hand, what's Mr. Swanson going to say?
 Who?
 Mr. Swanson, Mr. Swanson.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, one of his fellows was in here a while ago
 and bought some fuses.
 Well, that was me.
 And so?
 Can't you please come over?
 Sorry, I won't be free for another hour, at least.
 But I'll tell you what you can do, meanwhile.
 What?
 You know where the fuse box is.
 Of course.
 OK.
 Open it up, see.
 Yeah.
 Take out all the fuses.
 Yeah.
 Be sure you got your main switch off.
 Yeah.
 Then you can put your pennies in.
 What?
 Now try to get over there as soon as I can.
 So long.
 But wait.
 I-- I also want to ask you--
 if I left an old briefcase when I was down there.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Here's Chicky Chicky. Nice Chicky Chicky. Uncle Homer's not gonna hurt you.
 Chicky, won't you please come Uncle Homer. Now listen, Chicky, come down off that roof
 for all ring your darn little neck.
 But operator I've been calling Swanson supermarket for over an hour.
 How could it be busy that long?
 I'm sorry sir, the line is busy.
 Operator is terribly important that I get in touch with him.
 Can't you do something?
 Hello, hello, are you still there?
 Mrs. Ferguson, believe me, your order went out of here two hours ago.
 I wish I knew, but here's what I'm doing. I've taken two of my regular men off the
 checkout counter and they're making the orders up all over again. Yes, you should
 have your order within the hour. Good-bye.
 Mrs. Swanson, are you going to check me out or orange?
 All right, all right, I'm coming. Hello Swanson's your order will be there inside
 of an hour. Mrs. Swanson, Mrs. Jones is raising a fuss over at the meat counter.
 She says you promised to save her a chicken.
 For the butcher tell her our delivery was three hours late.
 Yes, but Mrs. Jones...
 Mr. Swanson, look at that mob at the checkout counter.
 They're going crazy.
 Oh, good grief. Let's get over there.
 Let's get going. I got it in the mail.
 All right, we'll take care of everybody. Just be patient.
 Now, let's see, Mrs. Mead. Two cans of baked beans.
 Excuse me. You'll have to wait your turn in line.
 Oh, I'm not shopping. I'm the electrician. Where's your fuse box?
 Listen, I can't be bothered with that now.
 All right, all right. We're doing our best.
 The fuse box is in the cellar.
 Okay.
 Now where was I, Mrs. Mead?
 Oh yes, two cans of baked beans.
 Now just a minute, Mrs. Swan came.
 Excuse me, Mrs. Mead.
 Swanson's your order will be there soon, goodbye.
 Wait, I'd like to order some milk, please.
 Yes, ma'am. How many quarts?
 Just one. And would it be possible to have it delivered?
 Yes, ma'am.
 Swanson's self-service, self-s--
 Oh, come on, Ed.
 Wait a minute.
 Madam, where would you like that delivered?
 Well, that all depends. In what part of the store is Henry Aldrich working now?
 What's that?
 Henry Aldrich, I'm his mother and I know this is a lot of trouble for you, but I like the milk delivered to him.
 Hello?
 I'm here.
 And when you please tell him not to go up the milk?
 Yes, ma'am. And when I see him, I'm going to tell him a few other things. Goodbye.
 Now let's see Mrs. Mead. Two cans of baked beans.
 Mr. Swanson, that's the third time you rang up those beans.
 Huh? Oh, Mr. Swanson. Mr. Swanson, come quick.
 What now? There's been an accident. What kind of an accident?
 Four shopping wagons crashed at the corner of Oak Meal and Salt Flakes.
 Oh, no. And the place looks like it was hit by a blizzard.
 Mr. Swanson, Mr. Swanson. You? Where have you been all this time?
 Mr. Swanson, I can explain everything you see. Never mind the explanation. What did you do with all those orders?
 Well, you see all of it. Oh, gee whiz. What did you do with that briefcase?
 I can explain everything you see never mind him. What about those orders? Oh look here, sir
 Will you keep out of this this boy works for me, sir?
 What's so happens that he's my son? Oh, he's your son. Well, let me tell you something
 All right, all right, you'll all be
 What happened who turned out the lights? I'm not going to let him add my bill in the dog
 Now where everybody?
 Please don't move around in the dock. You're knocking the merchandise over.
 Is that you, Mary?
 Now it's me, mother.
 It's...
 It's father here.
 No, dear.
 And what are you doing home from the store at this hour?
 I'll tell you.
 The store closed a little early today.
 Really? Why?
 For repairs.
 And I think they'll be closed tomorrow too.
 But when they reopen next week,
 you ought to get down there.
 What for? Mr. Swanson's going to give stuff away.
 Free? Practically. For every item you buy,
 you can have two of them just by paying another penny.
 Well, what's he doing that for?
 He said it's the only way he hopes to get back the public's good will.
 Has...
 His father cold at all?
 Yes, he said he was going to drive over to Abbott City.
 And Henry, I think it was very careless of you to miss place his briefcase.
 I know it was, Mother, but the first thing to Maram going over my entire route and try to turn it up.
 Well, that's funny. That sounds like your father driving into the garage now.
 Oh, boy.
 Mother, I'm going up to my room for a while.
 And if Homer calls, I'll take it on the upstairs phone.
 You're not coming down at all?
 Not for a few days.
 And incidentally, if anyone in the Swanson family calls me,
 I've gone away for the duration.
 Oh dear.
 Oh, good evening, Sam.
 My, that was a quick trip to Abbott City.
 I didn't go to Abbott City.
 I thought you said you were.
 I thought you were.
 I thought you were.
 I thought you said you were.
 I started, Alice. I just didn't get there.
 What happened? I'll take your code.
 Thank you.
 Well, as I was driving along Main Street...
 Yes?
 You won't believe this.
 Well, believe what?
 As I was driving along Main Street...
 No, it's too ridiculous.
 Sam, for heaven's sake, tell me what happened
 as you were driving along Main Street?
 Well, a chicken blew in my window and laid an egg in my lap.
 It's unbelievable. What's a chicken doing on Main Street?
 Anyway, I hit another car. Oh, nothing serious, but I decided against driving any further.
 I'll get that. They're probably calling from Abbot City to find out what happened to me.
 I'll get the door.
 Hello? Speaking.
 No, I didn't forget, I had an accident on the way over there.
 Well, as I was driving along Main Street, it's really nothing that would interest you.
 You want to meet tomorrow instead?
 Well, the only trouble is that my briefcase containing the papers has gone astray and I don't know if--
 Wait!
 Oh, just a minute. What is it, Alice?
 Look, but some woman just brought over. She said Henry left it at her house this morning.
 My briefcase. Let me have it.
 Sam, don't bend it, it'll break.
 What? What happened to it?
 It seems it's been at her freezer all day.
 Oh, I haven't said so.
 Oh, hello.
 Look, I've just found my briefcase.
 How about meeting the day after tomorrow?
 Well, I don't know about tomorrow.
 It may not be defrosted by then.
 I'll explain when I see you.
 Goodbye.
 Anybody home?
 Is that you, Homer?
 Yes, Mrs. Aldrich.
 I'm afraid you can't see, Henry, now.
 Oh, this isn't a social call.
 Mr. Aldrich, I need some legal advice.
 Yes, what kind?
 Two kinds.
 In the first place, a store sells you iron glue, but it doesn't glue iron.
 Can I sue them?
 What did you try to glue with it?
 A bumper.
 Yeah.
 Well, Homer, don't you think that's a little ridiculous?
 It is.
 Send that briefcase is beginning to drip.
 Oh, I wonder if we better put it in the refrigerator.
 You're gonna put a briefcase in the refrigerator?
 Yes, why?
 And trying to glue a bumper is ridiculous?
 What's your other problem over?
 Oh, yeah. Well, if I'm nice enough to give another fellow a push,
 and then I'm nice enough to help him chase his chickens, can he sue me?
 What's that?
 I'm not making myself clear.
 No. Alice, can we eat soon?
 Of course, dear. Would you like some nice vegetable cutlets?
 Vegetable cutlets.
 The Swanson's didn't deliver my order either.
 What vegetable cutlets?
 Mrs. Aldrich, yes, Homer.
 Could I interest you in some nice chickens?
 Chicken?
 Yes, ma'am, I've got them right outside on the porch.
 And the beautiful part of it is, they're half plucked.
 (audience applauding)
 - Boy, Homer, we certainly went about getting a girl
 for that skating party the hard way.
 - Boy, Henry Alson.
 - And all we actually have to do is go to the telephone
 and call someone just like that.
 - Sure, Henry.
 - So we call, Homer, come on, pal, think.
 Think, think, listen Henry, after all we've been through with that word today,
 let's just relax and let second nature take its core. You mean good old Gladys and Agnes?
 Sure. Sure. Sure, that's a happy ending for our boys,
 just the way Jello is always a happy ending for any meal. Because everybody goes for a
 gay, colorful Jello. In any of those six delicious flavors, strawberry, raspberry, cherry,
 orange, lemon, and lime, all six have delectable fruit-rich goodness,
 wonderful, fresh-tasting flavor that reminds you of the ripe juicy fruit,
 And there are dozens of glamorous ways to fix jello.
 Have it riced or cut into sparkling cubes,
 served with any favorite fruit.
 Just look for the big red letters on the box,
 'cause it's jello for red letter desserts.
 (upbeat music)
 ♪ Oh, the big red letter stand for Jello family ♪
 ♪ Oh, the big red letter stand for Jello family ♪
 ♪ That's Jello, yum, yum, yum ♪
 ♪ Jello, pudding, yum, yum, yum ♪
 ♪ Yum, tap, the ochop, pudding, jack story ♪
 [applause]
 When its father knows best, three chimes mean good times on NBC.
 [ Silence ]
