 Bridge family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kelle Casthomer
 Henry Henry Oliver!
 Come in, Southern!
 Tom Sawyer, Uxpin, Ken Rock, Scofield, they're more than characters in fiction
 for the things they do and say are the things real boys do and say.
 And now Henry Alrich joins the ranks of typical teenage American life.
 He's a boy in your block perhaps in your own home.
 Now it's just after breakfast on Saturday.
 The scene is in the Alrich sitting room.
 Well, Henry, have you any ideas to where it is?
 No mother, that's the parts of the castle's man.
 But where did you leave it, Les?
 I thought I left it in the whole closet right beside my right one.
 Well, do you cancel out, Les, I did only one rubber.
 But, Mother, there's some shining. It's a beautiful day.
 I know, but it's terribly muddy.
 Now, just sit down here and try to remember where you wore your rubber, Les.
 I'm trying to remember.
 I'm actually another thing that puzzles me.
 Will you sit down, please? Yes.
 Hey, hey, hey, hey.
 Oh, look at you, Hey, hey, hey.
 Oh, look at you, look at you.
 Hey, look, listen, Mother.
 Don't you think I ought to go out?
 At least three toes and I do not.
 There's no reason why I don't learn.
 Well, they can't wait for you.
 But Mother, it's cold out there on the front porch.
 [SINGING]
 [SINGING]
 [SIREN WAILING]
 [SIREN WAILING]
 [SIREN WAILING]
 And there's someone calling you.
 He has father-only mother feels.
 But she feels--
 What are you doing with one rubber house?
 70 says the other one disappeared.
 Right off his foot.
 She's father.
 I've looked at every place.
 And it just isn't here.
 Couldn't I just be careful with this when I do have a book?
 How would you do a thing like that?
 Well, I could put most of my weight on just my right foot.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Or if necessary, I could just hop.
 Yeah.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 And we go out and tell those boys to reach you.
 Why?
 Yes, Bob.
 And Henry, is this--
 You told them you'd come back here?
 Yes, Bob.
 About how much longer shall I tell them I'll be tied up?
 We don't know.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 I think I might wish you had a toast with you.
 What about it?
 It's Taylor.
 I think it's getting worse.
 Very well, I'll have a chocolate in tomorrow.
 Why don't you do it now?
 Well, the fact here is that I planned to do something else.
 It's Saturday morning, actually.
 Don't you think you should follow this up right now, so the next time you remember?
 No.
 Yes. I was reading an article in the Sunday paper, and they said that most parents let so much time go by that the child forgets what it's being punished for.
 And that, really, leaves a very bad mood.
 On whom, the parents?
 Team Mother, do you harm and will we have a great idea?
 Henry, I think your father would like to have a talk with you with me.
 He'll tell me what it's about.
 Yes, Mother.
 Hey, hey.
 Do you realize how serious this rubber business is?
 I think so, Father.
 You bet three pairs of rubber is this winter, have you?
 Yes, Father.
 And I just don't see how they could have gone that fast.
 Yes, I think so.
 Now suppose I lost everything I own.
 What would you think?
 Well, I love, Father.
 You wouldn't think I had a great deal of character, would you?
 Well, it would all depend on what your reasons were
 from losing them. Now let's not start reasoning. You and I have been through
 reasoning before. Yes. Do you realize all the rest of this winter and all through
 this coming spring you're going to have only one rubber to your name. What are we
 going to do about it? Can we buy another pair? Another pair. Do you realize how much
 another pair costs? And that is a matter of fact there probably isn't even another
 pair for sale in this entire town. I saw some in the Emporium window yesterday.
 father. It is nothing to do with it. Don't you know that this country is facing a
 shortage of rubber. Yes. Think of it at a time when our army and our navy both
 need all they can get. You come home without the left rubber and ask me to buy
 a new pair. Well I guess I just didn't think. Let me tell you something you're
 going to find that rubber if it takes you all day. Yes. You will start looking
 for it and you'll keep on looking for it until you find it. That's clear. Yes.
 - Hey, what are you doing? - I thought you told those boys to go home.
 Well, I'll go tell them to come back and I know I guess it's late.
 - Yes, fellas? - I even know.
 I am.
 Here. I couldn't help hearing you guess now, and I wonder.
 You wonder what?
 Well, frankly, I think you were a little hard on Henry.
 - And you want me to be? - It's fair, not nearly. I have to give him a talking.
 And I did.
 I told you that to find the rubber in the uncertain terms.
 Let's say I'm not the point. Don't you realize that this is Saturday, the first night's day we had in weeks, and now Henry has to say, "And just to find a rubber."
 Well, should we get you my last?
 Hmm, what's the more he has to do?
 Naturally.
 Do you think I was a bit hard on him?
 Frankly, I do.
 Well, I can't very well turn around now and tell him he doesn't have to look for it.
 That would be worse than if I just let the whole thing go.
 And I agree with you. I'm just sorry that you made an issue with.
 Well, well, how is I getting ready to care about it, Robert?
 I just happened to walk into the room here, and the first thing I knew, you would ask me to speak to it.
 No, sir, let's not try to shift the blame onto me.
 But what do you want me to do?
 I don't know. This is your problem. But I do hope this doesn't leave a mark on Henry.
 Oh, Henry!
 -How's it going? -I'm going to be in the area right now.
 -What are you doing here? -It's in place.
 -And it's inside, Omar. -Oh.
 -Mr. Orr? -Is it anything in size?
 -I'm afraid he is. -Oh.
 -Well, Mr. Orr, we went here.
 You said he'd be ready in about an hour. -You did?
 -Yes, sir. That was about an hour ago.
 -I see how he's getting along. I'm going right in.
 -Homer? -Yes, Mr. Orr.
 -Did your father know you're out today without any rubber?
 -No, I'm sorry. I don't think he does.
 No parents worry about it.
 It's pretty muddy.
 I've got my rubber Thomas for all of us.
 Yes, well that's fine.
 That's fine.
 You keep them on.
 We all look longer.
 Here is going to be.
 Stay in.
 Yes, that is.
 We've been swimming out there on the back floor.
 Oh, nothing much.
 Just poking around.
 Head around.
 Yes, Father.
 Have you found that, Robert?
 We haven't found that one exactly, but I found an old goliath, though.
 That is not yours, it's me.
 Mary says her foot is big and bare.
 Oh, dear.
 Oh, I'm never going to go out and tell them you're still looking for your rubber.
 Father, couldn't I just try this a lot, huh?
 Henry, you're not going out through the streets of Ixanway.
 One rubber and one made it over to you.
 Put 'em over here.
 You can actually go out there and speak to them.
 Yes, Father. The only thing is, what can I tell them?
 Hi, Father.
 Well, because you already did start.
 Well, here's the situation, Homer.
 I know.
 Please I can get away right now.
 Now listen, ever if you fall as early this morning and say, "Boy, it looks like a slow
 baby let's talk unless you can take us up on our bikes and go, "Yeah, it's just sure,
 Willie, but I didn't mean we should start off as soon as I hung up the sister of the receiver."
 I didn't give him just a hand.
 This is a fair time leaving here.
 But Homer, I didn't even know yet.
 You want to go up on a trip now.
 She whizzes.
 It's only a fish can.
 Why don't you come back, Sam?
 Hand-masked 11, and that'll give us just a 9/10 hour to get out some places.
 He was our lunches, okay? So a lot better.
 Why? Because, Willy.
 And what is there to do until hand-masked 11?
 Um, there are a lot of things.
 Have you seen the new factory they're putting up on the other side of town?
 I know, but pretty sure.
 And over at the railroad station, they're building a whole new place platform on the, uh, sure.
 And how about the Shinling job? They're doing it on the courthouse.
 Oh, yeah, I forgot about that.
 You are there all kinds of things to see around this town.
 And here you are, you're spinning around, waiting for me.
 Now go on.
 How are you?
 We'll be back in a no.
 Okay.
 Goodroom.
 Yes, Father.
 You're not under the fella's tears?
 Yes, sir.
 Do you remember where you might have worn your rubber last?
 Well, I'll tell you.
 I think it was just a week ago today, and it's been raining all night.
 And I remember waking up and looking out the window and thinking, "Gee, mother's gonna
 make me wear my rubber."
 Where did you go?
 Well, I got dressed and after you left the house.
 Well, I left the house and went over to watch the enforcement men.
 Where?
 Very terrible, I've reached that spot.
 And then I remember going over to the railroad station and watching men force them cement.
 Then where did you go?
 Well, directly from there I...
 I don't remember.
 But I was a little tired, I remember that.
 For your be hot yes father that I can say well
 Suppose son you go in the living room where you'll be alone and just sit down and try to remember
 But will you please go in there?
 Just got into think the why can't I get in to forget the whole thing
 One rubber
 Of course the thing I'm really sorry about is he's missing a piggy.
 I think you're...
 Stand the boys were going on a picnic on their bicycles and I told him that he couldn't possibly go and I can first clean up the back yard.
 Alright, gotta make him skip cleaning up the yard.
 Now, you're a justice impotence of me to uphold my position as it is for you to uphold yours.
 I see.
 Where you going?
 No, please.
 That's not the thing.
 Mother, yes?
 I just don't remember where I went into the railroad station.
 Where down on the street to watch the steam shovel but then my mind goes blank again
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Alfred
 I don't remember.
 Great view quick.
 If you didn't spend all your time stepping out and seeking to home by the mother, I only
 step out about once an hour and that's reasonable.
 Well, how do you have to say yes, mother?
 And mother, in case I don't find my rubber and time to go with them, you wouldn't want
 them to stay here for lunch, would you?
 I certainly would not.
 That's what I thought, so I won't invite them.
 Great.
 Listen, Homer, how would you and Willie like to do this?
 We are going to do anything.
 We need to start.
 Are you interested in going?
 Of course, Homer.
 Naturally, I wouldn't be coming out here on the porch every day limit.
 But, oh, my God, you think we all enjoy our lunch if we waited until we got even hungrier?
 No, I'm so hungry, I think.
 Now, all right, why don't we eat right here?
 Wait, I hear in my backyard on the back tree.
 What's the name?
 You mean you being a friend of each other sounds like a punishment?
 No, no, what do you mean, punish?
 Do you wish I just want to find my left rubber first?
 Oh, so that's it, you can't go out with that, you're a rabbit.
 I can too, it's just a...
 What you was not even I care anything about even my country your country
 Yeah, that shows how much you know Homer don't you realize there's a shortage of rubber and my father's very upset?
 Why I think I care?
 Shuri has but I'm going to the whole house trying to find mine. Don't you think I want to do my share now?
 What she was rubber's are practically priceless today. How do you know my father said so well?
 I need you to tell me, I'll go tell Willie. Where is he? He's gonna go home and change his trousers. He's just too intimate to when they announce the time.
 Well, Gee, would the V's gonna do things like that? We're never going to get started. Henry, the telephone rings out in the basement. Yes, Marvin. Doing what? Tracing up your phone and work face!
 (music)
 (music)
 Homer, for the last time I can't come right this minute!
 Why not? You being tiny? No, I'm not!
 The only reason I can't come now is my mother says I've gotta find my Fortaloy band first!
 Oh, gee, isn't it?
 Well, wait, it's been this Saturday!
 What have you got those three robbers in your hand for?
 I'm checking it over.
 You can join with I left you.
 All of everything I tell you are for the last place.
 How much have you been talking about?
 How did he pay for this?
 He paid.
 What do you mean, he paid?
 Why, he said Mr. Rogers said that what he loved was practically priceless.
 It is.
 Well, let's turn home.
 I know if you realize that every time we collect in them for a father, he's paying good money for them.
 Sure.
 Boy, am I young.
 You certainly don't think Henry would throw away a whole enemy before he could keep one foot dry, do you?
 Well, you know, really, I wanted him out there myself.
 Sure.
 Oh, she was yes mother
 Hello hello is this Dr. Bennington a doctor you two made it a drop in sometime this afternoon
 For no nothing serious. This is always called her hand in my vice
 in my fight
 For some reason she decided to clean up my workbench in her hand caught in the vice and she got panicky and turned it the wrong way
 No, I'm sure it's perfectly all right, but I feel better if you could take a look at her hand. Thank you doctor. Goodbye
 No idea broiling as quickly as you can in service to a clock and I'm hungry
 Operator I won't tell them 4 4 6
 Hello, is this the economy repair shop? Listen to all rich. I wonder whether you could come over and pick up our sewing machine and vacuum cleaner on electric fans
 Well, they were stored in a closet and my daughter accidentally pulled the fan down off the shelf and it fell onto the sewing machine and then bounced onto the vacuum cleaner
 No, she's all right. But thank you. Goodbye
 Yes, Alex.
 He's going to hang me in the room and see whether he's wet
 and comfortably.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 He wins, will we?
 You come out?
 I told you ten times.
 Oh, we might.
 Their cupboard was summoned.
 Oh!
 Here, can you text these rubbers when I throw them out the window?
 Sure!
 How much do you say Mr. Long, which is paying for?
 Well, from the way Homer talks, we'll pay at least 50 cents a piece.
 I think.
 It's all right.
 Just move.
 I'm going to get a little bit of money.
 I'm going to get a little bit of money.
 I'm going to get a little bit of money.
 I think.
 It's all right.
 Just the whole rubbing?
 Sure.
 It's the chance of a life chart.
 Well, we'll be right if you only find the one cigarette.
 Sure, that's it, Toby.
 Always asking questions.
 You know there's a man for tin foil, don't you?
 Yes.
 He ever asked what they used him for?
 No.
 He ever asked why they rather have the tin foil flat and rolled up?
 No.
 And only it's why they want his left rubber.
 [Laughter]
 And maybe a military safety.
 Oh!
 And Toby, when you see Homer count up the start on the stick, it without me.
 I think I'll farm my hands for the next day of power.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 - Bobby.
 - Yes, Mary.
 - You're fine, in fact.
 You never know anything that happened.
 - Oh.
 - How's lunch coming?
 - It'll be waiting just a few minutes, Father.
 I had to get a double nose, two cans of beans.
 - Beans.
 - Yes, Father.
 When I told Mother what happened to the chop,
 she told me where she had to be and put away.
 What was the matter with him, Lee?
 - Nothing but an attack of haypaper.
 He got it rummaging through something in the attic.
 - Oh, do I have anything when you're being spotted?
 - But just what? - Oh, when you're spotted.
 We got the raw cat.
 - Thank you, very good for you. - Yeah, man, if you were having just heard.
 - Yes, on it. - Yes?
 - We're going to go to the attic. - Real carefully, and don't stir up any dust.
 Don't you think I can fit one more look?
 - Hey, I have a little surprise for you. - For me?
 - There is your rubber. - Oh, he wouldn't.
 Where did you find it?
 In the back of the car.
 Oh, Jim, now you can go right along on your picnic.
 Well, thanks very much.
 Boy, am I in...
 Oh, gee, Liz, what's the matter?
 Well, this isn't my rubber.
 But what difference does it make?
 Where is it?
 The farmer, if this isn't my rubber, I really do.
 Why not?
 Father, I didn't even find it.
 And they put it back on and where?
 Oh, no, Father.
 That wouldn't be right.
 Then they put some other...
 Mother, do you think it would be honorable for me to wear this?
 Where this?
 And where I put father to hold the trouble of finding it
 when I enter the founder.
 There is that bit, put it on and please get out.
 I'm so sick of this whole thing.
 I never wanna see another pair of lovers
 as long as I live, yes, mother.
 And go tell the homing of me right now.
 Yes, mother.
 How are all of you right now?
 You wait and see what happens to me.
 Okay, just as soon as I get my things done.
 You're gonna be a man.
 She whizz if you got back lunch.
 Boy, if they got a lot to eat out there.
 There.
 They said I should even bring a bag.
 But if they have it, they can spare and bring it in.
 [INTERPOSING VOICES]
 We're just singing right in.
 You're a big one, yes.
 The roberts.
 The roberts.
 You are a lot.
 17 and all for the left place.
 What's that?
 Oh, and we have got 11.
 It's three.
 Oh, gee, go.
 Yeah, and they're all for the left foot.
 This is all it's--
 No, but don't put those on the floor.
 What do you want from the living room?
 I'm in one of the castle.
 I'll be right there.
 Boys, take every one of those rubbish right back out the door.
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Hello, is this Captain Olrich?
 Captain Olrich?
 There's an after Olrich.
 Mr. Samuel Olrich.
 Well, I was wondering who Captain Olrich would be.
 Now I'll tell you Mr. Olrich, this is the manager of the reality of the museum.
 Yeah.
 We've got a lost e-founder, he's out here, but he's been accumulating stuff for the last two years.
 So we'll take a few hours and separate the rights from the left.
 But we can send you probably 200.
 I beg your pardon?
 I say we can supply you with 200 less preppers.
 Now how much do they break me?
 May I ask who told you I was in the market for rubber?
 Fire.
 It's a good resource.
 Well, whoever it was told you was wrong.
 Yes?
 Yes, and I'm a fabulous victim of a factory for Joe.
 I am?
 Well, I certainly apologize for your outreach.
 I wonder how I think I'm such a good start.
 I have no idea.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Edra, may I speak with you?
 Do you want to speak with me, Father?
 I can't wait to sound like fans.
 Now wait a minute, but anyway, I'm not in the market for fans.
 For fans?
 Oh, oh, I've grown with these robbers.
 I found such more.
 I just told you boys to take those brothers outside and tell me this is all a driving home day my parents
 Then go out in the kitchen and help Mary open those cans of bean pies to this phone. He doesn't have them over here. He cut herself
 Hello
 Yes
 Yes. I just called a kid with the knowledge but it's a good thing we think it is you're doing.
 What?
 Yes, everybody's talking about it.
 Come on, bud.
 Well, I just had the most love of the idea.
 Literally, we all like that you've been in hell.
 And I know that next week I might give a hobo lunch.
 A what?
 A hobo lunch.
 But you can't tell the money you bring once.
 Well, that's lovely. I'd be glad to come.
 What is it I have to bring again?
 You don't have to bring a thing.
 You've already done more than your share.
 What do they want?
 Only thanks.
 - Come there.
 - What do you do?
 Call the runner later?
 - What's that?
 - I suppose it's one of those military matters
 that I wouldn't understand.
 - What do you mean, "Loss it on?"
 I'm afraid I don't understand myself.
 - Well, look, will you be with us on this wing, Nate?
 - Yes, I guess so.
 - Where'd they are, guys?
 - All right, and we'll have an open door here.
 - Where'd you say, "Goodbye."
 - Good-bye.
 - Stand alive, baby.
 - Oh, man, mom, man.
 - Why is it?
 - There's a junk man out in front of a whole wagon load of robbers,
 but he said you'll have to sort from yourself.
 (dramatic music)
 (crowd cheering)
