 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Oldrich!
 Coming, Mother!
 The Oldrich family!
 A special rebroadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and marines of the United Nations.
 [Music]
 A typical teenage boy has always scampered across the American scene.
 First came Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn and then Penrod, and nowadays there's Henry Aldrich.
 And Henry adds his own individual flavor to every mishap he bumps into.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich front hall.
 The time is evening.
 Mary!
 Mary, are you in the living room?
 Yes, Henry! Come on in!
 Could you come out in the hall, please?
 I want to speak to you about something important!
 Henry, don't you realize Muriel Watson is in the living room and she wants to say hello to you?
 Listen, Mary, I'm in no condition the bother with Muriel Watson.
 Boy, you've all up.
 I want you to put on a phone call for me.
 to home just Kathleen and say I'm very sorry I won't be able to see her tonight
 Henry I thought you said you were taking her to the movies tonight
 and what is going to but our folks won't let her go
 and gee it's the picture I want to see what's that Henry what were you saying
 oh nothing mother nothing of any importance well Henry I have a guest in the living room
 and you'll have to put in your own phone call but Mary mother would you be willing to call
 Mary back here and tell her that the only way this family can get along is to have everybody
 cooperate what is it you want her to do look couldn't you phone Kathleen that I
 won't be over tonight yeah I thought you were crazy about Kathleen I am I like her
 but I can't see her every night did you see it last night no have you seen her
 any night this week no but I'm willing to see her tomorrow night I'll answer the
 phone it's probably home or wanting to know where I'm going to meet him it seems
 to me Henry you're taking your best girl just a bit for granted hello hello
 Oh, I was just going to... Hello.
 Henry, I'm awfully sorry, but would you mind not coming over tonight?
 Who I?
 Yeah, something's just come up and I'm awfully sorry, Henry.
 Well, that's all right, Kathleen. As a matter of fact.
 You can come over tomorrow night though, I think.
 Oh, well, that's not an idea.
 Henry, if you're going to the movies with Homer, why don't you ask Kathleen to go along?
 Mother, do you want everybody to hear you?
 What's that, Henry?
 Everybody to hear you.
 What's out, honey?
 Goodbye, Catalina.
 And thanks very much.
 Hi.
 Henry, you mean you're going over there?
 Why, I tell you, mother, well, it's sort of a coincidence.
 Huh.
 Hello?
 Number, please.
 Elm 232.
 Elm 232.
 Henry, won't you please go in there and talk to Muriel?
 Will I go up and change my dress?
 With Muriel?
 What's there to talk to her about?
 Henry, she's an awfully pretty girl.
 No, Mary.
 I'm going to the movies with Homer.
 Hello.
 Hello, Homer.
 This is Han.
 Hi. So, it's just gonna call you.
 Yeah? Well, I'll meet you.
 Why? I tell you, Henry. I don't think I can go to the movies tonight.
 What's that?
 Well, something else just came up that I don't have any control over.
 That's what I was just gonna call you about.
 I know, but Homer, you can't do a thing like that.
 You did the same thing last night.
 Henry, can I help but if something came up last night too?
 But she will.
 I've gotta go now. I'll see you tomorrow.
 But Homer!
 Bye.
 And now listen, Homer.
 She will.
 Henry?
 Yes, who's calling me?
 It's Nereal Henry. Wouldn't you like to come in here?
 Why, I tell you...
 Oh, me?
 Well, what did you want?
 Nothing in particular. I just thought maybe you'd like to talk, wouldn't...
 Are you upset about something?
 Boy, I'll say.
 My best friend Homer Brownie just busted a date with me.
 Oh, yes, I remember. Homer's going over to Catholic this night, isn't he?
 - Who, Homer? - Yes.
 - She said he was over there last night, too. - Who, Homer?
 Yes.
 Over to Kathleen's...
 Oh, no, you're...
 You've got it all mixed up.
 Homer runs around with Agnes.
 With Agnes?
 Why are you supposed to tell me a thing like that?
 She didn't. She didn't.
 She probably said that Agnes told her that...
 Excuse me while I answer the phone.
 Well, I don't know how I could have made a mistake like that though.
 Well, frankly, Muriel, I think you ought to be a little more careful.
 Henry, are you being rude to Muriel?
 Who, I'm Muriel?
 She was. When a person goes around saying it's Kathleen, when it's Agnes,
 and I know perfectly well...
 Hello?
 Oh, this is Agnes.
 What's that?
 Kathleen?
 No, my goodness, Henry, it's lightning.
 Oh, hello?
 Listen, Henry, call the speak with Homer, please.
 Homer isn't here.
 He isn't.
 We'll be there last night, Henry.
 No, something came up.
 Well, that's what I suspected.
 That's exactly what I suspected.
 Goodbye.
 What's that?
 I'm Miss.
 Where is he?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 - Henry?
 - Yes, mother?
 - Could you bring that light around here
 so I can see the reed, please?
 - Yes, sure.
 - Here, I thought you said last evening
 you were going over to Kathleen's tonight.
 - Who, my mother?
 - Well, didn't you phone her last night
 and break a date with her and change it to tonight?
 - I know, but I...
 I decided I'd just stay home and get acquainted with the family for a change.
 Henry, I want you to look at me.
 What is the matter?
 Mother, will you tell me something?
 I mean, will you tell it to me frankly?
 I'll try to.
 Did you like Kathleen?
 Well, yes, Henry, of course.
 Only why do you ask, did I like her?
 No reason. Only I was just wondering...
 Gee, did you ever notice when she used to go down the street how she'd always be smiling?
 Here is something happened to Kathleen.
 Happened to her?
 No, not especially.
 But do you know how I'll always think of her?
 I mean, for as long as I live, I'll always remember how she loved chocolate marshmallow
 sundies.
 What's that?
 She, the poor kid, she kept me broke half the time.
 But I didn't mind.
 Henry, you talk as though Kathleen Anderson were dead.
 Well, so far as I'm concerned she is.
 She's a thing of a past.
 My boy's just dropped the subject.
 Please don't even mention Kathleen anymore.
 I'm tired of hearing about her, but Henry I've hardly mentioned her if that doorbell should ring right this minute
 And I should open and see Homer Brown standing there. I'm all off it. I'm all off it. Oh boy
 Yeah, wasn't that the doorbell? Yes, mother. I'll answer it Henry. Please at least un-cringed your fit
 I'm not going to him hard as a matter of fact. I'm going to get something out of this whole car
 Mother I hope you don't think I'm going to let him come to this house and add insult to injury to me do you
 Well, oh
 Oh, gee, it's you
 Nothing nothing is Mary ready who isn't Henry? It's me or Mrs. Aldrich
 Henry is it all right for me to go into the living room? Oh, yes sure. Hello there dear. My goodness
 But doesn't your hair look nice. Do you like it this way, Mrs. Aldrich? Do you like it Henry? What's up? If you'll excuse me, Muriel
 I'll go upstairs and tell Mary you're here. All right, Mrs. Aldrich boy Henry. I'm off the glad you're home boy
 Oh, yeah.
 What's the matter, Henry?
 I'm Muriel.
 Would you be willing to drop into Kathleen's on your way home and deliver a note for me?
 Oh, Kathleen.
 That isn't fucking fine, the darn thing.
 Is it very personal, Henry?
 No, no, gee whiz.
 Do you mind if I dump out my pocket here on the sofa beside you?
 No, of course not.
 Why don't you sit down here next to me?
 What are you supposed to have...
 What do you suppose I could have done with that note?
 I remember distinctly writing it in Latin class today.
 And then, and finally, do you mind if I tell you something I've always wanted to tell you,
 but never felt I knew you well enough before, too?
 What?
 Well, I think you've just been throwing yourself away on Kathleen.
 Really?
 You know, maybe it was a good thing I lost that nose.
 Of course.
 As a matter of fact, I think it was terrible have heard of breakup a beautiful friendship
 like that that you and Homer had between yourselves.
 You do?
 I'm going to have a talk with Homer and tell him how awful you feel.
 Oh, well Henry, do you mind if I fix that lock of hair that's standing up in the back of your head?
 Oh, geez, that up again? Somebody ought to follow you around just all day long.
 There.
 Is it down now?
 I went so busy, I'd be glad to follow you around.
 Gee, was, can you imagine that? I never even noticed it before.
 Never noticed what?
 Your eyes are practically the same color as mine.
 They are?
 Henry, you have no idea how much respect I have for you.
 For me, why?
 You're the only boy I've ever met that's never tried to kiss me.
 What's that? That's right, Henry.
 Well, gee, I'm glad you feel that way.
 Because I don't think I'll follow...
 I mean, the minute he sits down and so far...
 Well, you know...
 Gee, he ought to...
 I mean...
 You know what I mean?
 Yes, Henry.
 Well...
 Henry, are you in the living room?
 She was.
 Yes, Mary.
 You know anything about that phone call that just came?
 What phone call?
 Brothers on the phone, write this minute.
 Don't you have a teacher by the name of Miss Elliot?
 Yes, you're in Latin. She's a darn good-looking teacher.
 Oh, I goodness. Wait, will I tell her more there?
 No, no, no, let me tell you what Henry just said.
 What's up, Mary?
 Listen, I'm getting along all right in Latin.
 - This is breakfast already. - Yes, Sam. Sit down and I'll make some toast for you.
 That's the news in the morning paper.
 Well, dear, first there's several things I'm anxious to talk to you about.
 Yes?
 Dear, while you were out last evening, a phone call came.
 And, Sam, I don't think I've ever been so upset in my life.
 Who was the call from?
 It was from Henry's Latin teacher. Her name is Miss Elliot.
 Alice, I've always told you Henry would never be any good at languages.
 Now, wait, Sam, because even when I tell you, you're not going to believe me.
 You mean he's leading the class?
 Now, remember, dear, I'm only telling you what Miss Elliot told me.
 When Henry handed in his Latin paper yesterday,
 to be he enclosed with it a note a note yes I'm a note to Miss Elliott well don't
 you understand here Henry thinks he's in love with his Latin teacher what's that
 now wait a minute Sam I knew Henry was upset he hasn't eaten for two days now
 but I suppose it was always some trouble he was having a cat Lee what do you say
 in the nose the usual thing why don't you pay any attention to me what have I
 done that's offended you and things like how much he wants to be with her yeah
 well and here's what we decided Miss Elliott should do she's going to ask
 Henry to come into her classroom this afternoon and have a little talk with it.
 Yeah. Come to think of it, Alice.
 Didn't Henry take Latin on the row, Miss Dudley, at the beginning of this term?
 Yes, and then he suddenly switched.
 Yes? To Miss Elliot?
 Yes, Sam. That only goes to show you never know what's going on in a side of boy's head.
 Mother, yes, Henry. Is Brett was ready?
 Oh, her father. Hello, Henry.
 Boy, do I feel good. You feel good?
 I've just been catching up on my Latin.
 What's that? And Brett and Harley wait to get the class today.
 Henry, tell me, how...
 How are you in Kathleen getting along these days?
 Kathleen, Father?
 See, I'm not interested in Kathleen.
 No.
 I'll answer the phone. I'll answer the phone.
 Will you have some bacon out of it?
 No, thank you, Sam. I can't eat a thing.
 Save some bacon from me, Father. I'm very hungry.
 Hello?
 Hello? Is this Henry?
 Yes. Well, this is Mira.
 I was just talking to someone on the phone about you.
 About me? Who are you talking to?
 Home around.
 And Henry, he's very sorry he broke up your friendship with Kathleen.
 And once very much to be friends with you.
 Well boy, am I glad to hear that.
 And look, Muriel, you're going to the movies with me tonight, aren't you?
 Oh yes, I'm looking forward to it.
 Only Henry, do you mind if Homer goes with us?
 What's that, Henry? Homer felt so bad about everything.
 I thought the least I could do was to ask him about what's the dinner.
 For dinner at your house?
 No, I'm not sure. Glad you didn't send that note to Kathleen.
 Oh, I'll be seeing you, Henry. Goodbye.
 I know, but Muriel, I thought...
 I thought...
 (Music)
 We'll be back with the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 Right now it's intermission and time for our intermission guest,
 the one and only Tommy Dorsey.
 Okay, Tommy.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (saxophone music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (orchestral music)
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 [Music]
 I remember dreaming by a blue mountain screaming the water
 Millions of stars were exclusively ours that night too
 The heart was born of my heart in the world.
 To let's define we're so willingly mined at night.
 We knew there on our hilltop with nothing but heaven, for our know.
 We lost our souls in our seven-way moonbeam till sun.
 Rise high, oh, yeah.
 To the blue-spangled banner of the old.
 We left the dream by our blue-mothin' stream that night.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry, who has been having his difficulties with Kathleen,
 has lost a note that he intended to send her.
 Meanwhile, his Latin teacher has received the note
 along with his Latin paper.
 The scene opens in a school corridor, just outside his Latin teacher's door.
 Hello Henry.
 Hello Agnes.
 Are you going home Henry?
 I can't right now. I've got to go on and have a talk with Miss Elliot.
 You have? What's happened?
 That's what gets me Agnes.
 Remember that paper we handed in yesterday?
 Yeah.
 Well, she last night Miss Elliot phoned my house.
 And boy, my mother hasn't eaten since.
 And today Miss Elliot said, "Right out of a clear blue sky.
 Will you see me as soon as school is out?"
 My goodness.
 And gee, I thought I was doing fine.
 She didn't even call me all during class today.
 Really?
 Henry, have you seen Homer the last day or so?
 No.
 He's going to the movies with Muriel tonight.
 He is with that Muriel Watson?
 Yes, but I'm not going with him.
 You can rest assured of that.
 Well, my goodness, if that isn't--
 If that isn't--
 Henry.
 Oh, she was--
 Yes, Miss Elliott?
 You hadn't forgotten that I wanted to see you, had you?
 And no, ma'am.
 I'll be right there.
 Goodbye, Henry.
 I'll wait and walk on part way with you if you want me to.
 OK.
 I want to ask your advice about something.
 No, then Henry.
 Yes, Miss Elliott.
 Would you mind leaving the door open, please?
 Oh, you want it open?
 I think it might be best.
 Yes, Miss Elliott.
 Henry, frankly, I don't know how to begin
 this little conversation.
 Yes, Miss Elliott.
 I've been criticized in the past for conducting
 my classes a bit informally.
 But I always thought they should be fond in a way
 between the students and the teacher.
 Well, Gee, I'm glad to hear you say that, Miss Elliott.
 Because that's why I'd rather take Latin from you than with from a step, Dudley.
 But that's just the point.
 I didn't realize, Henry, that things were going quite so far.
 You mean about being informal?
 I refer especially to that paper you handed me yesterday.
 Oh, that, Miss Elliott.
 Didn't you like it?
 Well, Henry, after all, Gee, I'm certainly sorry about that.
 When I started to write it the other night, I couldn't get going.
 You know what I mean?
 So I went to bed.
 And then I started to think about how you'd feel
 if I didn't finish it.
 So I got up and got the darn thing off my mind.
 - Oh.
 - And you know, the minute I finished it, I felt swell.
 And I went back to bed and went right to sleep.
 - But Henry, don't you realize it was all wrong?
 - All wrong?
 The whole thing?
 - Well, maybe it was because I was tired.
 - Well, I can say as I was never quite
 so mortified and all my life.
 - Well, I want you to know, Miss.
 I can do better.
 Henry, do you realize how old you are?
 Yes, Michelle, you're...
 You're still just a very young man.
 Yes, Michelle, you're...
 Then under the circumstances, don't you think it would be best if we...
 face the facts and just drop this whole thing?
 You mean... for good?
 Yes.
 I haven't even got a chance if I go on with it?
 No, Henry.
 Boy.
 And, gee, I thought I was just beginning to get somewhere.
 Henry, you weren't!
 Not at all.
 No, not at all.
 Don't you think we better end the whole thing?
 Yes, Miss Elliott.
 There.
 Now, don't you feel better already?
 Well, frankly, it has been sort of praying on my mind.
 Of course it has.
 And let's not ever even mention it again.
 OK.
 As a matter of fact, my father's been against it from the start.
 Naturally, he has.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Do you want me to close the door as I go out?
 Yes, please. I'd like to be alone.
 Henry!
 - Hi, Agnes. - What a medallion at once.
 Why, she said I was too young for Latin.
 You are?
 Yes.
 Or else she's too old to teach it to me.
 I couldn't figure out which.
 Alice, how long before dinner will be ready?
 At least an hour, Sam.
 Yes?
 Sam, I think you ought to have a hard talk with Henry.
 A talk with Henry about Miss Elliot?
 Yes, dear.
 Now, Alice, if I were you, I'd forget the whole business.
 But Sam, I can't forget it.
 I've been worrying about it all day.
 And I say, let's not get mixed up in it.
 Every boy has to go through what he's going through.
 Did you?
 Of course.
 Only I didn't wait for my Latin teacher.
 I fell in love with my first grade teacher.
 Her name was Miss Sutherland.
 She had light brown hair.
 I used to follow her home every afternoon.
 Sam, that was an entirely different situation.
 What way?
 In the first place, dear, a phone call came this afternoon.
 From whom?
 That Muriel Watson.
 And Sam, I didn't know she and Henry
 had had some kind of falling out.
 A falling out?
 I didn't even know he was interested in her.
 Well, that's what surprised me.
 And Sam, the girl, was all broken up.
 She kept saying that she hoped Henry would understand.
 Understand what?
 I don't know, dear.
 But I know sooner got to talking with her in the doorbell
 rang, and who do you suppose that was?
 Who?
 Kathleen Anderson.
 She stood there in the front hall and was practically in tears.
 Over Henry?
 Over Henry.
 Well, that's a fine thing.
 Our only son falls in love with his Latin teacher
 and with two of her students at the same time, mind you.
 What you saying, Father?
 Why is it that Henry's done?
 Not a thing, Mary, not a thing.
 You mean it's that awful?
 Now, dear, please don't let your imagination go to work.
 Go see who's at the front door.
 All right.
 Holly, would you like to have me tell you something more?
 No, thank you.
 We would not.
 Hello.
 Hello, Aunt Harry.
 I was just passing by, and I thought I'd drop in.
 - Where are your mother and father? - They're in the living room.
 - Talking about Henry. - Yes.
 - Well, I just saw him downtown. - You did?
 With Agnes Lawson into Haven's drugstore.
 - Alice. - Oh, come on in, Harriet.
 - How's everything? - Well, fine.
 Fine. At least as well as can be expected.
 - Oh, has something gone wrong? - No, Harriet, not at all.
 Now, Sam, what on earth has happened?
 Harriet, it isn't anything.
 We were just talking about a young woman here in town that Henry--
 Oh, that.
 Oh, you upset over that.
 What? You mean you know about it?
 Why, goodness, everybody in town knows about it.
 What's that, Harry?
 Yes. I just saw them down town together.
 In fact, I loan Henry some money.
 They're downtown together.
 They're sitting in the Haven's drugstore holding hands.
 Henry is sitting in the Haven's drugstore holding hands?
 Holding hands with--
 Yes, Sam.
 You don't think I'd make it up, do you?
 Alice, maybe you're right.
 I will have a talk with him.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (dramatic music)
 - Mary, are you in the living room?
 - Yes, Henry.
 - Listen, Mary, could you do something for me?
 - What is it?
 - Has father seen you?
 - Father?
 - He wants to see me.
 - Yes, Henry, and you might just as well know now
 he's terribly upset.
 - He is?
 - Well, look, could you please help me out?
 - Henry, have you gotten into some more trouble?
 - Mary, all I want you to do is deliver
 a note to Agnes Lawson, see?
 - Henry, I'm not going out tonight.
 I mean the first time you go by Agnes's house could you give it to her?
 Isn't that strange?
 What's the matter?
 Oh, I wrote it over to Anne Harry.
 It's a few minutes ago when I was paying her back.
 A panger.
 I wonder why I could have put it.
 And you mean you're running around with Agnes?
 Mary, walk for an idea like that in your head.
 And just because you happen to be walking down the street
 with a girl and you go into Haven's drug store
 and you think, well gee, I might as well
 buy the poor kid a Sunday is no reason for her
 to jump to a conclusion.
 Think I'm-- and think it.
 She wins.
 Where can I put that?
 No.
 What's that?
 I remember distinctly.
 I put it in here.
 I paid in here at the money.
 Paid in here for the money.
 And when I went into our kitchen and set down at the table
 and started right--
 Are you home?
 Are you home?
 Yes, Father.
 Say where you are.
 I'll be right down.
 Oh, boy.
 What are you supposed to see?
 Is this been a day?
 Candy, I certainly feel sorry for you.
 Don't tell anybody, Mary, but I just
 got kicked out of water today.
 Honestly?
 And Muriel.
 Do you know what Muriel did to me?
 What?
 And you know what Kathleen did.
 - Henry.
 - Yes, father.
 - Mary, would you mind leaving the room for a few minutes?
 - No, father, if you'd rather I wouldn't stay here,
 why naturally?
 - Henry.
 - Yes, father.
 - Son, I don't know how to begin.
 - Yes, father.
 - Naturally, every young man, that is, at least,
 almost every young man,
 at least every young man that's--
 - Yes, father.
 - Well, what I mean to say is that
 it isn't always our fault.
 Actually, sometimes it's...
 What's that?
 But in your case, Henry, in your case, I'm afraid I can't...
 Frankly, I can't see your point of view.
 My point of view, Father?
 Yes, that's one way of putting it.
 Yes, I think I know what you mean.
 In fact, I've been a little worried about myself myself.
 Henry, Homer Brown is at the front door.
 Homer Brown is...
 Father, please just speak to Homer for one second.
 Yes, go on.
 And I'll be right back.
 No, Father.
 Henry, did you hear me? Homer's here.
 I heard you Mary. Where's my baseball bat? Where's my baseball bat?
 Listen Henry, what's the big idea?
 What do you mean what's the big idea? And will you please close our front door?
 I'll close it when I go out. I know all about you're trying to cut me out with Agnes.
 And Henry, she's my girl. Oh my what are you talking me like that for? I never even thought of Agnes.
 And how about you and Kathleen? What do you mean by a thing like that?
 Last night and the night before. Man, she whiz. Listen Henry, don't you realize why I was taking out Kathleen?
 No, I don't it was to make Agnes jealous. What's that sure?
 She wish she was beginning to take me for granted. She was sure and then you had a buyer ascend the and spoil a whole thing
 I know her but
 You mean Kathleen wasn't wasn't boy. Are you dumb now? Wait a minute. Oh, what about Muriel? Oh, that was just a coincidence
 What oh who's that Kathleen? I'm out here on the front porch. May I command sure she was I mean
 Hello, I just happened to be passing by and I saw your front door was open and I was just wondering Henry
 If you wouldn't like to come over tonight for me. Oh sure. I mean, yes
 Oh my goodness. What's going on here? Oh hello Aunt Harriet. What's the front door open for?
 Henry, where's your mother? Why I guess he's out in the kitchen at Harry. I've got to see her right away
 Now if Henry, what have you got the baseball back for? Oh, why are you putting it away for the wincer?
 Are you in the kitchen?
 Yes, Harry. I'm out here with Sam.
 Oh, so that's that, Alice.
 And Sam, you're a good talk with him?
 Yes, Alice. I've got him all straightened out.
 Alice, what do you think happened? You won't believe it.
 What is it? I'm going to lose my ice man.
 What? Yes, Alice.
 And I don't know whether it's a good thing or not.
 How do you know you're going to lose him?
 I just found this note in my icebox.
 And Alice, I didn't dream.
 I didn't dream he felt that way.
 May I see it? Here it is.
 I think it would be better if we did not go on any longer this way.
 Harriet, what does he mean this way?
 Delivering ice to me, I suppose.
 Go on, read the rest.
 Now that I have cooled off, I realize that neither one of us could have been really happy.
 Harriet, just how far are this gone?
 Well, not so very far, Alice.
 I'd given him a piece of pie now and then.
 But I never dreamed he was going to take it seriously.
 [Music]
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 This rebroadcast of the Aldrich family is a presentation of the Armed Forces radio service.
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 (dramatic music)
