 by transcription
 [Music]
 Henry Henry Aldrich!
 Coming Mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, the Aldrich family written by Clifford Goldsmiths.
 [Music]
 Centerville is only a dot on the map, and 117 Elm Street is only a typical American home.
 But it's where the Aldrichs live, and it isn't far from where you live or used to live.
 And as a typical teenage boy, Henry Aldrich is always certain to stir up any number of mishaps and memories.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room. The time is Saturday morning.
 Oh boy Mary, do I feel swell.
 Henry, why are you popping out your chest that way?
 I don't know. Just feel swell.
 Why do you say that, dear?
 You know what happened at school this week, mother?
 What, dear?
 Well, they were having a meeting, see. And I didn't know they were going to elect a class debt committee.
 And the first thing I know somebody nominated me.
 What kind of a committee?
 A class debt committee.
 A class debt?
 Sure, mother, we owe money, and they needed someone to take charge of it.
 And you were elected?
 Sure, almost unanimously.
 Who did what unanimously?
 The class father to me.
 Sam, Henry's been elected to wipe out his class debt this year.
 [laughter]
 You were?
 She was, I don't know.
 Everything's just suddenly going swell.
 And you were elected unanimously?
 Well, practically.
 And then the school photographer took a picture.
 - Of you, Henry? - Sure.
 Henry, I certainly hope you didn't have your picture taken looking like that.
 - What's the matter with me? - You never needed a haircut more in your life.
 - My haircut? I don't need a haircut. - Look at it, it's almost down to your shoulders.
 - Mother, you're exaggerating. - Would you like some ribbon, didn't it, Henry?
 - Mary. - Well, dear, you should never have left them
 take a picture of you like that, especially if they elected you unanimously.
 Mother, they didn't just point the camera at my hair.
 George Bigelow didn't even have a tie on.
 What was he doing in the picture?
 Well, she was father.
 You don't think you asked me to wipe out the whole debt single handed, do you?
 Well, those that don't notice George's tie will certainly notice your hair.
 Henry, how many are there on your committee?
 Well, counting everybody... 14.
 14?
 14?
 Yeah. But in the picture, I was in the first row, Father.
 Well, it's too late now, but you're going down and get a haircut.
 On a Saturday morning?
 Waste the whole Saturday morning in a barber's chair?
 As a matter of fact, if you wait until I finish the breakfast dishes, I'll go down with you.
 No, Mother, I can tell I'm how to cut my own hair all by myself.
 But Henry, how about the last time you came home with a haircut?
 She was married. That's the way all the guys were wearing it last month.
 Lo in the front and high in the back.
 [Laughter]
 Well, I'm going with you mother. Please don't embarrass me. My goodness
 What's embarrassing about having your mother go into a barbershop with you? It just isn't done mother
 Very idea makes me nervous. Yes, Sam. Did you come here a minute, please?
 I'll be right there and Henry you're to get ready to go down to the barbershop. Yes, mother
 Only don't feel you have to leave your work in order to go with me
 mother
 Mother
 Henry, she wants to go with you.
 - Mary, she'll only be embarrassed
 down there with all those men.
 You tell her I'll have to cut exactly right.
 - You better wait, Henry.
 Henry!
 - Henry!
 - Mother, he's gone.
 He's gone where?
 - To the Barbies, and when he comes back,
 he'll simply be a sight.
 - Well, I have a good notion to phone Thompson's
 barbershop and tell him just what I want done.
 (upbeat music)
 (jazz music)
 - Where are you going, Henry?
 (audience laughing)
 - To the barber shop, Homer.
 Now, I'm in a hurry, look out.
 You don't need a haircut.
 What do you want a haircut for?
 - Listen, Homer, do you see that lady
 coming down the street back there?
 - In the next block?
 The one that's running?
 Yeah, that isn't my mother, is it?
 No, she's running for a bus.
 Oh.
 What barber are you going to?
 Mr. Thompson, right here in the center bill times building.
 Oh.
 Did you know you're going to have your picture in the times
 tomorrow?
 In the times?
 Sure.
 The one guy Maccorkel took of the class debt committee.
 Is it going to be in the times?
 Sure, tomorrow.
 He spent all day yesterday persuading them to run it,
 and they finally gave in.
 Well, she wins.
 Imagine.
 Homer, home do you see that car coming?
 That isn't my mother, is it?
 No.
 Just the same.
 I'd better go into the barbershop.
 If I see your mother, I'll tell her you're looking for her.
 No, Homer.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You never even saw me.
 All right, there, Henry.
 Now, how do you do, Mr. Latin?
 Well, hello, Henry.
 Hello, Mr. Thompson.
 There, do you like this chair here?
 Well, you have one not quite so near the window.
 You don't like this one?
 Well, I'm thinking of the strong light.
 This is the only one that isn't busy.
 Hop in. Yes, sir.
 - Air print? - Yes, sir.
 How do you want it?
 Well, I'll tell you.
 I want to sort of...
 You see this right over my ears?
 Yeah.
 Well, it's sort of hard to explain.
 You see this right up on top?
 Yeah.
 Well, I'll try to tell you.
 Do you know what he's sh
 You've never seen him?
 Well, how about this chart here?
 I got a photograph of just about every style there is.
 Well, gee whiz, let's take a look at it.
 Yeah, here you are.
 Now here's a style they call the New Yorker.
 That would sort of fit your head.
 You think so?
 Is that popular?
 Oh, sell a lot of these.
 And here's the one they call the Yale Bowl.
 No, I don't think my mother--
 in fact, I don't think anybody would care for that one.
 What's this one?
 The Ball Bremo.
 That's more the Eddie, Shanton, kind?
 Could you give me the bow-brummel up on top and the New Yorker on the side?
 Sure.
 I don't think that'd be a good combination.
 Well, I'm glad to have a customer that knows what he wants.
 Well, the way I look at it, if you don't know how you want your own haircut, who does?
 Would you mind swinging the chair around a little so I could look out the window, please?
 I thought the light hurt your eyes.
 I like to watch the traffic.
 How's that?
 Fine.
 Would you mind not twisting your head like that?
 Oh, excuse me.
 I just happen to see somebody come out of that store across the street.
 Say, who is that?
 That girl?
 Oh, that's Natalie White.
 Not bad.
 She's got a dog just like mine.
 Would you mind holding your head still?
 I wasn't looking at her.
 I was looking at that man go up the ladder.
 Well, the Times was putting up a new electric sign out there.
 The Times?
 Mr. Tom's not reminds me.
 You ever read The Times on Sunday?
 Yes, sir.
 Well, I certainly wish it'd skip it tomorrow.
 Yeah, bad news.
 They're gonna print my picture, darn it.
 See, do I hope they don't put it on the front page?
 What are they gonna print before?
 Well, I'm in charge of something over at the high school.
 Gee, was I embarrassed when I heard about it.
 Embarrassed?
 You know, everybody in town will see it
 and I'll all be calling up my mother.
 Well, most boys would be pretty proud about a thing like that.
 Well, I'd rather just be one of the crowd.
 You know, once they start printing your picture,
 where's it all going to end?
 Could you hold your head still, Henry?
 Just looking over at the bakery.
 That's Natalie White's coming across the street, isn't she?
 I guess she is.
 Good looking girl.
 Oh, she whiz.
 What's she coming in here for?
 Excuse me, what could I bother you?
 Yes, ma'am.
 Hello, Henry.
 Hello.
 How's your dog?
 She's fine.
 How's yours?
 He's fine.
 Mr. Thompson, they don't have any change over the bakery,
 and they thought perhaps you could change this $5 bill.
 Sure, I guess I can help you.
 Hey, Mr. Thompson, is Henry here?
 - Henry here? - Homer, where did you come from?
 - Hi, Natalie. - Hi, Homer.
 Henry, I just ran into your sister up the street.
 She told me to tell you, as soon as you've had your haircut,
 you're to go right home and let your mother see it.
 - Your mother? - What do you mean she has to see it?
 - Oh, did Mary say that? - Sure.
 She said Henry couldn't be trusted in a barber chair.
 - Honestly? - She was, Homer,
 always trying to kid.
 Mr. Thompson, when you get through on top, I'd like a shave.
 (audience laughing)
 A what? A what? A shave and make it close.
 And with Bay rum.
 (jazz music)
 Mother!
 Where are you, Mother?
 - Out here in the kitchen.
 - Is there anything I can do to help you?
 - I'm busy right this minute.
 They're breaking these eggs.
 - Oh, well, if there's anything I can do.
 Henry! I thought I told you to go to the barbers.
 I did go.
 Well, why didn't you have your hair cut?
 She was, I did. The catch of seeing?
 Henry didn't even touch it. Turn around.
 Mother, I know he cut it. I saw the hair fall off.
 Well, there I can tell when my own son, Tara, has been cut. All he did was comb it down.
 Mother, is there anything I can...
 Henry, all rich, what's happened to you?
 - So... - What do you mean what's happened to me?
 - Well, yours why did the sheet?
 - She was married. That's just sort of... powder.
 - Talcum powder? - Sure.
 - Can you ever hear of anybody using talcum powder after shaving?
 - Henry, who's shaved you? - And what's that piece of bandage doing on your cheek?
 - It's just a cut, Mary. It's just a cut... from the razor.
 - How did the barber happen to cut you? - A ladder fell.
 [laughter]
 What fell Henry?
 A ladder that belonged to the center of those times.
 When the man jumped, I jumped and so did Mr. Thompson.
 My mother, look at Henry's hair.
 I have, dear.
 My goodness, it's even longer than it was before he went.
 How could it be, Mary?
 But it is, Henry.
 This morning, it was in curls down to here.
 And now it's straighten.
 It comes all the way down to here.
 My goodness, what's that awful smell?
 What smell?
 Henry, what did he put on your hair?
 Just a tonic mother.
 You came me from growing bald.
 Mother, hold me while I say.
 Henry, dear, I'm not going to have you walking around the house looking like that.
 And, Mother, did you know Henry's been going around telling everyone he's going to have a picture in the paper tomorrow?
 Listen, Mary, who told you that?
 My goodness, it's all over town.
 It is?
 I was just talking to Ted Gould and he said Mr. Thompson told him.
 Well, I certainly thought Mr. Thompson could keep it confidential.
 Henry, you're going right straight back and tell Mr. Thompson to pay a little more attention
 to his own business and not so much to everybody else's.
 What do you mean?
 I want him to cut your hair correctly.
 Mother, he did!
 Henry, I want your hair cut.
 Mother, you're just influenced by the looks of this bandage.
 If you back up into the dining room and look at me, you'll get an entirely different perspective.
 I'm not going to pay good money to have you look like that from any perspective.
 They'd now please start.
 Mother, I'll be embarrassed to death.
 She was Mr. Thompson's very busy,
 and he cut my hair and I paid him.
 I wouldn't be comfortable asking him to do it again.
 Well, then I'm sure Mary would be very glad
 to go down with you and ask him.
 Mother?
 Yes, Mother, I'd be delighted too.
 No, Mary, no.
 But Henry, don't you want to be comfortable?
 Mary, you can't do that, you mean.
 Can we stop acting like a child?
 I'll go back, Mother, alone.
 I'll ask him by myself.
 But please don't any member of this family come along.
 And will you tell him to take some off the sides
 and off the top?
 Yes, mother.
 I'll tell him to give me a good all-around trimming.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, Henry.
 Oh, Natalie.
 Where you going?
 Huh?
 Well, I'd carry your bundles for you
 if I didn't have to go back down to my--
 I mean, back downtown for something.
 You've got to go back?
 What happened to your face?
 A man fell off a ladder.
 [LAUGHTER]
 On you?
 No, right in front of the center go time.
 He didn't hurt himself, though.
 Oh, that reminds me.
 I guess I'll certainly have to buy a copy of the time
 tomorrow.
 You will?
 What for?
 You just modest-- everybody knows about it.
 about my about my picture it is going to be in the time tomorrow isn't it oh yeah
 sure it sort of slipped my mind I'm getting a copy from my family and I'm
 going to send one to my cousin in Abbott City y'all I'm gonna tell you live right
 in the same block with me and you have a dog just like mine would you picture
 taken with your dog no with with it was taken without him Henry would you mind
 looking in this bag please the one under my arm sure what for you see what about
 The bottom of the vanilla extract is broken.
 Well, it's there, but it isn't broken.
 Isn't that funny?
 I thought I smelled something.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You did?
 Henry!
 Well, gee whiz.
 Henry, wait for me!
 Oh boy, goodbye, Natalie.
 Henry!
 I've got to be going.
 Was that your sister calling?
 I guess it is.
 How did I happen time to wait?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [applause]
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a minute.
 Tonight NBC rolls out the red carpet for two of the most popular people in radio.
 Tonight Phil Harris and Alice Fay return to the air on this station
 with their whole gang and more laughs than you can shake a stick at.
 And this is just a reminder to tune in.
 Then, as another Sunday feature,
 Theater Guild on the Air brings you Morning Star with Sylvia Sidney and Molly Goldberg
 in a story about some wonderful people who made homes out of a cold water tenement.
 And also this evening, Jack Webb stars in another dramatization of a case history
 from the files of the Los Angeles Police Force on Dragnet.
 And no NBC lineup is complete without the best news and special event shows.
 So tonight, listen to the American Forum of the Air and meet the press.
 Yes, for the tops and radio, just stay tuned to NBC.
 [Music]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 His mother is upset about his haircut.
 When he returned home from the barbershop,
 she told him to his complete embarrassment
 harassment that he must go back and have his hair recut this time correctly.
 The scene opens as Henry re-enters the barbershop.
 That's you, Henry?
 Yes, Mr. Thompson.
 What are you back for?
 You forget something?
 No, not exactly.
 I'll tell you, Mr. Thompson, if you aren't too busy, could you make a couple of small changes on this job?
 What's wrong with it?
 Oh, why, nothing's wrong with it. I like it very much only my mother...
 Well, you don't suppose you could give me a little less of the New Yorker and a little more of the Yale bowl, could you?
 Sure, I can do anything you want, but if I even touch your hair, it's going to spoil it.
 You think so?
 I've been cutting hair for 20 years, and that's one of the best jobs I've ever done.
 Well, now that I look at it in your mirror, I can see that it's pretty good.
 Your mother see it in a good light?
 Oh, it hasn't anything to do with my mother.
 I guess it was just a mirror we have at home.
 Of course, I'll spoil it for you if you really want me to.
 Oh, no, I wouldn't even have you touch it.
 Goodbye, Mr. Thompson.
 Goodbye, I see you in a couple of weeks.
 - Can I marry? - Oh, she was married.
 Have Mr. Thompson changed your hair yet?
 Not yet, Mary. I'm just going in.
 Well, I'll go in with you.
 No, Mary, you go on. Please.
 I'll be in here for quite some time.
 - Don't have me. - No, Mary.
 What is it now?
 Well, I'll tell you, Mr. Thompson.
 I know it's against my better judgment,
 especially when... well that is... well I think I'll let you spoil it.
 What's that?
 What I mean is... I think you could take a little more off the top and the sides maybe.
 What for?
 Well, I've got a hat at home, see, and it's my favorite hat and it fits a little snug.
 And I think maybe it would be better, isn't it?
 Why didn't you tell me you wanted to cut to fit a hat?
 I didn't think of it before.
 Well, it'll hop up in the chair.
 But mind you, I'm not gonna ruin it.
 I'm just gonna ease it off a little.
 Oh sure, I wouldn't want you to do any more than that.
 Quite a crowd out in front there, isn't it?
 Yeah, that new sign that's being hoisted into place is quite a job.
 I'm glad to have sort of a front row seat like this.
 Mr. Thompson, is Mr. Lappam here?
 Yeah, just a second.
 Hey, John, customer.
 Coming.
 - Whoa, Toby. - Hi, Han.
 Will it be Toby and haircut?
 Yeah, my mother says, "Give it the works."
 Get in the chair.
 Henry, were you just talking to that Natalie White a little while ago?
 Sure, why?
 Well, just because she's a new girl in town, Henry,
 You don't think you have to impress her with yourself?
 What do you mean?
 You don't know what you told her.
 I... about your picture being in the paper tomorrow.
 I told you that.
 Toby, I hardly brought the subject up.
 Hold your head still, Henry.
 You made the whole thing up just to make her think you were to somebody.
 You're crazy.
 You mean it isn't going to be in the paper?
 Yes, it is, Mr. Thompson.
 It is not.
 You want a bad Toby? You want a bad... Sure, I'll bet you.
 I'll bet you anything you want to. How much do you want a bad...
 Anything you want? All right, how much?
 Toby, I happen to know the paper is printing it.
 All right, all right. Here's what I'll bet you then.
 - Now look what you made me do. I'm giving you a bald spot.
 - Well, you better take it all off. I like it short.
 Henry, here's what I'll bet you. We'll make it a box of candy.
 If I win, you pay for it, and I'll give it to Natalie White.
 If you win, I'll pay for it, and you can give it to Natalie.
 - Say that again, Toby. - Wholesale.
 - Will you? - If I win, all you have to do is buy me a box of candy to give to Natalie.
 - And if I win, you buy me one to give her? - Sure.
 - Shape. - Shape. - Shape.
 - Hey. - Wholesale. - What's up, Ms. Mier?
 - It's a bat. - It's a bat.
 Hey Henry!
 What do you want Homer?
 I thought we were going to listen to the World Series this afternoon.
 Keep quiet while I finish combing his hair.
 But the game's begun. The first man struck out.
 I'll be right there Homer.
 Yeah, there you are Henry.
 Henry?
 - Ken, you hurry Mr. Lapham. - That job's perfect Henry.
 Now don't you even touch her comb to it.
 Well thank you very much Mr. Thompson. Frankly it's just exactly what I wanted.
 Hurry up Henry.
 I'm coming. Thank you Mr. Thompson.
 See you in a couple of weeks.
 And wait for me brothers. Mr. Lapham couldn't you just sort of chop it off.
 - What up?
 - She whizzed, is that Toby think he knows everything?
 - Why?
 - He comes in and he tries to make out I'm a liar.
 My picture isn't gonna be in the paper tomorrow.
 - It isn't.
 - What?
 - It isn't.
 - What do you mean it isn't?
 You're crazy.
 Are you trying to make me out a liar, Henry?
 - You're the one that told me it was going to be in.
 - But I just heard that Guy no Corkel
 that took the picture dropped his camera.
 - When?
 - I don't know when he dropped it.
 How would I know?
 Well, Gee whiz, Homer, you should never miss Led me like that.
 Am I gonna be disgraced?
 Why care about Toby?
 Homer, it's all over town that my picture's going to be in.
 Well, don't blame me, Henry.
 Gee whiz, you think I wanna pay for a box of chocolates
 for Toby to give to Natalie?
 Then have him sit and even eat them with her?
 (jazz music)
 Again, mother?
 Yes, dear.
 Mother, what does Henry have to do again?
 Mary, dear, if I were you, I'd stay out of this.
 Oh, my goodness, Henry, it's worse than ever.
 Now, listen, Mary, I'm tired of this.
 All I've heard since I got up this morning is my hair.
 It's been hair, hair, hair.
 Henry, what, Homer?
 The Yangt's just scored.
 Mother, please don't make me go back and be trimmed again.
 Right in the middle of the world series.
 Henry, I don't want to hear another word about it.
 You're to go back and tell Mr. Thompson
 that I want your hair cut correctly
 I'll know the reason why.
 Well, go.
 Only when I get back into that chair,
 it'll be just like getting up on the guillotage.
 Henry!
 Come on, Homer, we gotta go downtown again.
 No.
 Homer, I have to.
 Mother, do you want me to go within this time?
 Listen, Mary, don't you even come near that barber shop.
 What do you have to go for, Henry?
 I have to have my hair cut again.
 How are you gonna have it done this time?
 [laughter]
 Well, I don't give a darn howie cut,
 I've lost interest.
 Aren't you even interested in how the yanks come out?
 No.
 Did you have that snapshot of me?
 Sure.
 Do you understand what you're going to do with it?
 Sure.
 I just put it under the door of the Times office and beat it.
 Is my name on the back?
 Sure.
 It says Henry W. Aldrich, chairman of the class debt committee.
 I guess that'll put Toby in his place.
 It's too bad you don't have one where you're not in a bathing suit.
 You think they'll really print it Homer?
 To be honest, no.
 But I'll tell you how you could get it in though.
 - How? - Get engaged.
 Then they'd be sure to print your picture.
 On the society page.
 In a bathing suit?
 What difference would that make?
 You'd win the box of candy.
 I know how I might get my picture in.
 How?
 If I could only be near a good accident just as it comes off,
 then maybe I could.
 Look out, Harry, do you want to be killed?
 He was. Why does he watch where he's going?
 Boy, I practically saved your life.
 I'm not sure you should have.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Box of candy, eh?
 Yes, Mr. Aldrich.
 And Toby was sitting in this chair here,
 and your son Henry was over there in Mr. Thompson's chair.
 And they started arguing about Henry
 having his picture in the paper tomorrow.
 Is it going to be in?
 So he says, Mr. Aldrich.
 And Toby says he's crazy.
 That's how they came to bet the box of candy.
 Well, now then is there anything else?
 You all through shaving me?
 Yes, sir.
 I'll tell you what you can give me.
 A couple of good, the hot towels.
 Yes, sir.
 Just let me lie under them for a while and relax.
 Yes, Mr. Orange.
 You heard how the ball game's going?
 42, seventh inning.
 Now, just put your head back, Mr. Orange.
 Good.
 Too, huh?
 No.
 No feels good.
 Mr. Lopman, is Mr. Thompson here?
 Well, you back who wants me?
 It's Henry, Mr. Thompson.
 Now what?
 Yeah, Mr. Thompson.
 Could I just have a word with you?
 You've changed your mind again?
 Who knows?
 No, as far as I'm concerned, my hair's just perfect the way it is.
 Only if you'd be willing to cut it a little short,
 I'd be glad to pay a $0.60 out of my allowance.
 What do you want to do that for?
 You rolling in money?
 I don't care about money.
 The main thing is, I want to see everybody satisfied.
 Well, hop up there. I'll get my clippers.
 Between this haircut and that box of candy you bet you're going to be broke.
 She was, why should I worry about money?
 My allowance has gone as always. Plenty more where it came from.
 I don't like it personal, Mr. Thompson, but I wonder if they have your hot towels. Aren't too hot.
 What makes you say that?
 I thought I heard the man in the next chair groans.
 It's still, Henry.
 Yes, sir.
 [Music]
 If your mother doesn't like it this time, it won't be my fault.
 [Music]
 You think you ought to make it that short?
 Sure. We're closed all day tomorrow, and this is your last chance.
 [Laughter]
 I know Mr. Thompson both still, don't even speak.
 (buzzing)
 (sighs)
 There.
 - Well, I think that's much...
 Will that be a full 60 cents, Mr. Thompson?
 - Forget it.
 - Forget it?
 - Yeah, and I'll try and do the same.
 - Well, thank you very much.
 Now let me go home and watch the game
 without anything on my mind.
 Give all Mr. Thompson, I'll see you in two weeks.
 - Forget it.
 - Hey Henry, Henry.
 - Oh, I thought you were Henry Aldrich.
 (audience laughing)
 I am Henry Aldrich.
 What happened to you?
 Now listen, Homer, what is it you want?
 Turn around and let me see your face.
 You're looking at my face.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Did you take care of the picture?
 I got caught.
 Wear Homer.
 Sticking your picture under the time's door.
 Just as I put it there, the door opened,
 and they told me to take it and beat it.
 Well, she was, Homer, you're a big help.
 Hello, Henry.
 Oh, I thought you were.
 Oh my!
 Now listen Natalie!
 You have some scrambled eggs, Henry?
 No, thank you Father.
 Mary!
 Yes Mother?
 Will you please tell your brother he just spilled some marmalade?
 But I'm not speaking to him either Mother.
 Why not?
 Well look at him Father, his head is practically shaved.
 Well, she whiz, Mary.
 After you've gone to the barbershop as many times and one day as I did yesterday,
 you can't expect to have much hair left.
 Let's not even mention Henry's hair anymore.
 I'm going to get ready to go to church.
 I'll be ready to go with you just a minute, mother.
 Oh, no, you're not going with me.
 Well, she whiz.
 I mean, I can't appear in public with anyone in the family.
 Henry, have you been down to corner to get the times?
 No, Father.
 Did you forget it?
 No, sir. I...
 I just thought you'd like to eat breakfast and peace.
 Without worrying about anything.
 As soon as you finish your breakfast,
 would you please go and get the paper?
 Yes, sir.
 But first, could I make a proposition with you?
 What kind of a proposition?
 Well, if I go down and get the paper,
 not only this morning, but every Sunday morning
 for the next six months, could you advance me a dollar and a half?
 To buy a box of candy.
 A box of candy?
 Oh, but what do you mean by that?
 I thought you were rolling in money.
 I'm rolling in it.
 After all, when your allowance runs out,
 there's always plenty more where it came from, isn't there?
 Who told you that?
 - Just Tom and Gossett. - A Mary?
 Yes, Mother.
 Will you please tell your brother that Toby Smith is very anxious
 to speak to him on the phone?
 Mother, could you please tell him I can't possibly come to the phone?
 Why not?
 I'm sick in bed.
 But you're not.
 Couldn't you say he's been scalped?
 Please, Mother, tell him I can't come to the phone.
 Who's that?
 Excuse me. Excuse me, but is Henry here?
 What do you want, Homer?
 Did you see the paper? Did you see the paper?
 Not even interested in it.
 Did you see the front page? Here, take a look.
 What? At this?
 What is it? Just three pictures of their putting up that new sign
 in front of the Times office.
 Don't you see yourself? Me? Where?
 Sitting in Thompson's barbershop in the chair.
 I am? Well, how do they have the print back?
 Well, why don't you read what it says?
 These three unusual photographs were snapped in front
 of the Times building yesterday at 11 a.m., 1 p.m., and 3 p.m.
 (audience laughing)
 Which one am I in?
 All three.
 (audience laughing)
 All three.
 Look at yourself under my magnifying glass, Henry.
 You can even see the sky where Mr. Thompson cuts you.
 Well, gee, where's?
 Look pretty good, don't I?
 My other is told we still on the phone.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 You would be a poor businessman to invest money
 without determining what your dividend would be.
 So I'd like to tell you what return
 you'll receive on your investment in your community test.
 Well, normally, about 40% of 100 families received directly
 Services of some kind from one or more red feather agencies during the year.
 So that services include aid to the handicap,
 to orphan children, to the agent, and to the sick and needy.
 All families benefit indirectly because these services work to make your community
 a healthier, happier, better place in which to live.
 Well, this year it's a bigger red feather because
 the United Red Feather Campaign
 must raise $17 million extra
 to provide for the United Defense Fund services,
 which include 257 USO clubs, USO camp shows,
 American Relief for Korea, and many others.
 So when you make your contribution,
 give enough to cover normal needs,
 plus an extra amount for the added services
 made necessary by this defense emergency.
 It's a bigger red feather this year.
 Give the United Way.
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 She homer, am I sore at Toby?
 Why, Henry?
 Didn't he give you the box of candy to give to Natalie?
 Sure he did.
 But I didn't know he was going to put my pictures in it.
 Those three getting your hair cut?
 Sure.
 And on the bottom he wrote, "Charmon of the Class Debt
 Committee, going into debt."
 (jazz music)
 The Aldrich family is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Johnny Fiedler.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are house Jameson and Catherine Rot.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 >> Proceeding was transcribed.
 Tonight it's the Phil Harris Alice Facio and
 Theoretic Hill on the air over NBC.
 [Music]
