 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming Mother!
 The Aldrich family! A special re-broadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations.
 In every plan, there is always allowed a margin for error.
 In any day, with Henry Aldrich in it, there is always a margin for error or excitement
 or mischief or anything else.
 The scene opens in the all-rich living room.
 But Mother, you don't see my point of view.
 Dear, that's the trouble I do see your point of view,
 but I don't think you're trying to see mine.
 Yes, I try very hard to see your point.
 Just can't see it.
 In the first place Kathleen will misunderstand the whole scene.
 Why should she misunderstand?
 Look Mother, why don't you try to see it from my point of view?
 Henry, I realize you want to give Kathleen something nice for her birthday, but this...
 Henry, I still say you're entirely too young.
 Too young, mother.
 You spend $12 and a half.
 The iron.
 Don't just see my point of view, dear, for the last time
 when a young man gives the young lady an expensive piece of jewelry,
 it usually carries some meaning with it.
 What meaning?
 You mean she'd be insulted because it's not gold?
 I mean, dear.
 I think you should take it back to the jewelry store
 where you bought it and get something else.
 Not if they have anything else in there but jewelry,
 except an electric percolator.
 And don't you think if I get a real thing like that, you'd really misunderstand?
 [Music]
 - Minute. - Oh, hello, Homie.
 I recognize you with a hat on.
 She has been calling you for three blocks.
 You mind if I walk along with you now?
 I hear this is your birthday.
 - Let me have to return. - Thank you.
 How did you know about it?
 I even have to know one of the presents you're gonna get.
 You do?
 Yeah, but I can't tell you.
 I've gotten enough of much of that.
 I've got ears. I've got ears.
 Who's giving it to me?
 I can't tell you that either.
 I'm sworn to secrecy.
 Did you know you're two months older than Henry?
 Hello.
 Yes, not too bad.
 Maybe that's why he's buying you such a swell.
 I mean...
 Is he trying to even give me something?
 Yes.
 And I don't think it'll be too big for your wrist.
 I mean...
 It's for my wrist?
 She was not planning to tell you the whole thing.
 I have an explainer's idea what it is though.
 Sure you have. Sure you have.
 You just said yourself it was a bracelet.
 I did? Sure.
 I'll bet you didn't know what kind it is.
 It's a silver bracelet and has it for the cheese.
 What a very color.
 I was going in a store just the other day.
 How long is he really giving me one of those bracelets?
 Yeah. Go when you open the package pathway and be surprised.
 Fall right over.
 (Music)
 Hello Sam, can you hear me?
 Yes, I heard you Alice, but I still don't see what you're worrying about.
 Of course you don't be, and you're a man.
 But Santa Claus Chappelle is crazy about Henry, and he gives her that very expensive bracelet.
 There's only one thing she can see.
 What?
 Sam, you're simply being perverse.
 I've just been talking with Harriet, and she agrees entirely with you.
 Alice, my sister, I'm busy. Can you call me back in half an hour?
 What is the clear about it?
 That isn't what I mean. I'm in a conference right now, and I haven't time to discuss Kathy Nanderson's birthday.
 Very well, then, goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Now, then, Mr. Roberts, I'm sorry we were interrupted.
 Mr. Roberts, what I want granted is a complete right-of-way.
 I agree. But I think they should give you something.
 They forgive a girl a piece of jewelry.
 You mean, besides my wife?
 Well, let me put it this way. Have you any children?
 No, sir. I'm sorry to say we haven't.
 Nothing for you to be sorry about, you should be glad you don't have any children.
 Well, what's your problem?
 We have a son in high school, Steve, and he's a parent and a plan to give some girl.
 She's a very nice girl, I'll say that for him. An expensive bracelet.
 Yes? Diamonds? Diamonds? No, I don't think he went as far as diamonds.
 I didn't hear it, it cost around $12. And you feel you ought to give her something better?
 No, because all it feels is too much.
 Oh, that is in proportion to...
 Well, now, sitting back to that right of way.
 Oh, yes, yes.
 When you drop the papers, Mr. Alrich, I want it to make clear in the first paragraph that...
 What is it that's troubling you?
 I don't know.
 Do you think a girl would assume she would engage if she received a bracelet?
 Why would she?
 That's exactly what I told my wife.
 As long as Henry earned the money himself, where do women get these ideas?
 Well, getting back to that right of way, Mr. Alrich.
 [Music]
 Mother, I don't mean to even try to see my point of view.
 You have leaned for the last time, I think you'd be making a great mistake.
 Mother, it's just an innocent, an innocent bracelet with a padlock to shape of a horse.
 And I've always had my heart set on long.
 Well, dear, perhaps someday your father and I will give you one.
 Coming from Henry, it means so much more.
 That's just the point.
 Mother, where you got?
 I'm going in the living room and I have a talk with your father.
 And if he tells you so, I'll ask him to answer.
 That's a very serious question, dear, because you know very well your father is going to say no.
 I'm going to say no to what?
 You know what Kathleen just told me. Henry's coming over here to see me.
 Give her a very expensive silver bracelet.
 I wonder where you got the money.
 Don't you realize we have to assume a little responsibility in raising our daughter?
 There's nothing wrong with Kathleen. And besides, do you realize the front doorbell is ringing?
 I'll go to the door.
 The deer are test-cooked three meals a day for the salmon
 and they're called the decisions too.
 Elizabeth, don't you think we ought to see the place
 that before we decide anything?
 I'll see who's at the door, mother.
 I'll see who it is.
 Captain, have you been crying?
 I haven't been crying.
 My goodness, my eyes are just tired.
 There'll be a guy, those ears, and things at the door.
 Oh, hello, Homer.
 Hi, Kathleen.
 Listen, I want to ask you something.
 What about?
 I've been worrying.
 If I was lost and asked you what Henry gave you for your birthday,
 Just say it was a padlock.
 Don't mention the fact that it was on a bracelet.
 Well, yes or not.
 Well, she wants one and I haven't got the money.
 Say, have you been crying?
 Crying of course I haven't.
 Oh.
 What is it, sunburn?
 No, would you mind going home, Homer?
 No.
 Yes, please, just get out of this park.
 You mean I said something I shouldn't be?
 I didn't say you said anything.
 Only can't I be alone if I want to.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (music)
 Where are you going Henry?
 Henry, can you tell me where you're going?
 I told you, Homer, I'm going downtown here.
 Oh.
 Are you upset about something?
 Henry, didn't you hear me? Are you upset about something?
 Where are you going?
 Homer, will you please stop bumping into me?
 She was your shove in me all over the sidewalk.
 All right, and we're all right if you're not interested.
 I was just gonna tell you something interesting.
 What about?
 About Kathleen, but never mind, that's all right.
 What about Kathleen?
 Don't you think she's sort of a movie?
 Who, Kathleen?
 Listen, Homer, Kathleen has one of the most cheerful dispositions of any girl I've ever known.
 Sure, I agree with you.
 And then the next minute she can kick your right off her friend porch.
 Listen, let's have an understanding.
 Why here at this corner?
 Which way are you turning?
 Which way are you?
 I'm going right down this street here.
 the street here. Alright, I'll come along.
 Are you going to the center of those jewelry store?
 How do you know I am?
 She was, I just recognized the package.
 What are you going in there for?
 Never mind. Never mind.
 Are you taking Kathleen's bracelet into Heaven and Grave?
 Listen, whoever told you I got our bracelet.
 I get around, Henry.
 And do you know where I could buy one for Agnes for less than $12.5?
 Homer, for the last time, will you please run along?
 I'm going into the store.
 Don't you want me to come in with you?
 No, now go away! Go away Homer!
 You know, Henry, you're moodier than Kathleen!
 And don't hang around outside that window!
 Something I can help you young man?
 Yes sir, I want to have a little talk with you.
 Yes sir, you're the young fellow who bought that very beautiful silver hand-rot bracelet.
 Yes, could we step back here a ways?
 I beg your pardon?
 Well, I brought this bracelet back because...
 Well you see...
 Is there something wrong with it?
 No, there isn't anything wrong with it.
 But when I got home, my mother...
 That is, she had some bad news for me.
 You mean your mother doesn't want you to keep it?
 No, it isn't that.
 You see my girl...
 You see it this way.
 Doesn't she like it?
 She hasn't even seen it.
 Oh, she's gone away?
 Why?
 In a way, she has.
 Well, that bracelet will be a nice surprise for her.
 Here, I'll wrap it up and send it to her.
 Oh, no, you can't do a thing like that.
 Why not?
 Why?
 It's too late.
 My mother says the way things are now.
 It wouldn't be right for me to give it to her.
 Oh, she's marrying someone else, eh?
 Well, why not give her wedding presents?
 A wedding present?
 How about that percolator up there for three more dollars?
 Oh, no!
 I wouldn't want her to give her a thing like that.
 I think I'd just like to get my money back.
 Your money back?
 Well, before we do anything as rash as all that,
 have you seen these ladies' rings?
 They look just like diamonds, imported precious stones
 from Denver, and I challenge you to tell the difference
 between these and diamonds.
 But-- couldn't I have my money back?
 (music)
 Will you have some salary or who?
 No, thank you, Gary.
 Now, what was it you started to tell me about Mr. O'Rourke?
 Well, I was in this office today, see?
 And his wife calls and she's all upset.
 They've got a boy in high school and wants to give this girl some kind of a piece of jewelry,
 and she doesn't think he should.
 Well, I certainly agree with her.
 You agree with her?
 What's wrong with the boy giving this girl a birthday present if he wants to?
 That's because you've never had any children.
 What do you mean I've never had any children?
 You've never had any either.
 But I'm a woman.
 And Gary, it isn't necessary for you to point out every at me.
 I'm not pointing at you.
 I just want to know what's wrong with a kid doing it.
 What's wrong with it?
 He just isn't done, that's all.
 Who said so? Who passed the law that says it isn't done?
 Gary, in the first place, any present from a boy means a great deal to a girl.
 Let alone you.
 Why should it mean anything?
 Do you remember on my 15th birthday when you gave me some handkerchief?
 Handkerchief. What's that got to do with it?
 Well, we got married, didn't we?
 Is that what did it?
 Gary, for the last time, stop shaking that curry in my face.
 Oh, Mary!
 What, Mary?
 I speak here for one minute.
 It's about only a second. What is it, Henry?
 Well, look, are you keep something in your hat from not bother mother about it?
 I guess so. Didn't you pass no of your subjects this year?
 Yes, sure. But I was downtown just now and a man. I mean...
 Well, how would you like to buy a nice 12-dollar and a half bracelet?
 Gee. Why Henry, oh, which way did you get there?
 No, don't wave it around like that. Listen, I'll show up to you for $10.
 I haven't got $10.
 Uh-huh. Have you got mine?
 No. No. How about eight?
 Henry, I have a gunny dollar, I broke!
 But, gee!
 Gee whiz.
 Whoa, look!
 As long as you can't buy it, Mary.
 You see anything against my giving a thing like this is a present?
 Sorry, Henry, that's awfully sweet of you!
 No, wait a minute, Mary, give it back to me!
 I didn't mean it!
 I was just asking you a hypercritical question!
 You mean you're taking it back?
 I haven't even got seven dollars!
 Henry!
 Yes, you know, Mary!
 Would you please come here a minute?
 Why?
 Yes, you're in just a second!
 You're very Holistarn thing.
 Henry, I want you to bring that bracelet right along with you.
 You do?
 Hi, do you...
 Look, Mother, I'm not disobeying you.
 I just thought maybe you know you would like to buy it and keep it in the family.
 Yeah, I thought you told me you returned that bracelet.
 No, Mother.
 What I told you was I took it down to the jewelry store.
 But the follow was so nice to me,
 said I thought I was making a great mistake and not keeping it.
 See, do you tell him I said you were to get your money back?
 Yeah, sure.
 And he said you probably neckwipped very well.
 But he said you didn't know what was going on in the world. He said what? She said phones give a girl present like that. Like this one every day in the year.
 Henry, I want you to take that bracelet and go down to that jewelry store and get your money back at once.
 Letting think our whole family's old-fashioned. I don't care about anything. Now please go. Yes mother.
 As a matter of fact, I think he took advantage of you. Of me. How do anyone take advantage of me?
 - Hi, Chris. - Yes, Sam.
 - Siddin' Marshall was just on the phone.
 Have you been spreading Henry's problem all around town?
 - No, Sam. I give you my word.
 I hadn't even mentioned it to anyone, except Harriet.
 [cheering]
 [music playing]
 - So will you give me six dollars for it?
 - Do I have to pay the whole six dollars?
 Will cash?
 You mean, you want a little time on it?
 She just goes for closing in an hour, Homer.
 And I've got to get Kathleen something for a birthday.
 I just can't.
 She may be pretty disappointed if she doesn't get this bracelet.
 All of them so much as mentioned it, too.
 No.
 They know you have it.
 Have a hunch.
 A very story, hunch.
 This bracelet is what she's looking forward to getting just the sport.
 For, I think this would be crazy about her, Homer.
 I know, but you know what, but the second time, he said there was war.
 And even then they made it a war.
 And even then they may not make them.
 Why?
 That isn't the point.
 He said we're going to give us racial, we're doubling value.
 It will.
 And then a fabulous gift's mad and gives it back to you.
 Look at the poverty you've made.
 - Alice? - Yes, Sam.
 Did Enra get the bracelet thing settled?
 Yes, he apparently did.
 He said he's going back downtown in just a few minutes
 a few minutes and see whether he can find a nice present for Kathleen for four
 dollars. I know but what I agree to that part of it although I still say the
 whole thing is a tempest and it's a pot now Sam. It's all the boys in town are
 apparently doing it. Can I tell you about Homer? He's giving Agnes a bracelet
 exactly like the one Henry was going to give Kathleen. Really? And Homer's folks
 don't have Jeff? No Alice. Homer's father agreed with me. What's wrong with this?
 Well don't get Henry all upset again. He's come round to our point of view and
 taking the whole thing very nicely.
 That's more than that Harriet did.
 Just what was it she said when she phoned Sam?
 She said she just discussed the whole thing with her bridge club and they all agreed Henry shouldn't give Kathleen the bracelet.
 Really?
 And then I asked her to take a standing vote on it and she hung up.
 There she is right now.
 I bet anything that's Harriet calling back to say they're taking a week out on it.
 You'd better let me take it Sam.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is this Mrs. Olrich?
 Yes, this is Robert. Hello, this is over. My husband was down at your husband's office this morning
 I know you'll think it's none of my business, but Gary and I have just really what is it?
 Well, we have some friends who have a boy and they had exactly the same problem you have
 You wanted to say every Sunday could make on a pair of hearings for some girls
 And do you know how his parents from him away from it?
 Oh, they send him on a trip to the Canadian Rockies and
 And hired a guy that took him into the woods, and he didn't even see a girl for a month.
 You don't say so.
 And like any normal boy, when they came out, he'd forgotten all about the girl and was crazy about the guy.
 Anyway.
 And instead of hearing, you said this girl a lovely deer is head with actors.
 Really?
 Of course, you can't send Henry that far. The government doesn't want to travel.
 But the meeting of the photos could find some pictures of me at home here, ready to forget?
 Yes.
 Well, thank you very much.
 That's quite alright.
 And do let me know how everything comes out.
 Of the words, you and I are supposed in one way, that's where we are.
 And this is... yes.
 Goodbye.
 I mean, goodbye.
 Who was that, Alice?
 Somebody else sent that was worrying about Henry.
 Now do you see how this town would have taught if we'd let him go ahead?
 Goodbye, Mother. I'm going downtown to see what I can find.
 Just a minute there. Sam, how much would a nice dear's head cause?
 A nice what?
 I don't mean anything fancy. I mean a dear's head mother.
 Yes Henry. You mean one of stones?
 No Sam alive. Only stuff.
 Alice, what are you talking about?
 My goodness, if that's somebody else trying to tell us how to...
 How to...
 If they can't suggest anything better than a dear's head, hang up.
 Hello?
 Hello Mrs. Old, which is really there.
 Yes, tell me. He's right here by the phone.
 Is that for me mother?
 She wins.
 Hello.
 Hello, Henry.
 My mother says it's all off.
 What's that?
 When I told her I was going to give Agnes that breaks, but she nearly hit the ceiling.
 I don't want to go $1 back.
 Oh, well did you tell her I told you to?
 Sure.
 And she said if I give her to her I'd be compromised for life.
 Oh, she can't be that narrow-minded.
 Look at what you're doing, Show me.
 [Music]
 We'll be back with the Albert's family in just a moment.
 Right now it's in a mission and time for our
 intermission guests, the one and only Tommy Dorsey.
 Okay, Tommy.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (whistling)
 (dramatic music)
 (whistling)
 (upbeat music)
 (drumming)
 (drumming)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (whistling)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Olgrich.
 Henry has been trying unsuccessfully to get his money back on a bracelet that he bought for Kathleen
 and that his mother felt would be misunderstood as a gift.
 The scene opens in Kathleen's living room.
 Mother, I still don't understand your point of view.
 Kathleen, your father and I were both several years older than you and Henry before he gave me anything.
 And even then, do you know what his first present was?
 Why? It was simple and it was in good base, but it was very nice.
 Oh, right. I let it bound by the most poems by Lord Tennyson.
 Lord Tennyson?
 With dear dead pages, and that book made more to me than anything I've ever owned.
 Really?
 And I'm a plily-themed scribe, so many worlds, so much to do,
 So little guns, such things to be.
 A little muddy, the lock on the bracelet looks just like a padlock,
 you're having it with a cheese.
 Kathleen, haven't you been listening?
 But are you still worrying about that bracelet?
 Bob, I'm not worrying about it.
 I simply am trying to show her our point of view.
 Now, Betty, why not look at the whole thing this way?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 I don't think you understand me.
 All my friend wants me to do is give you this bracelet
 and get his money back for him.
 I see.
 So, could I have it please?
 How about this spring of genuine jade beads for ten dollars?
 Well that wouldn't be bad.
 Would they be classified as jewelry?
 Jewelry?
 Don't be foolish.
 Why would they be classified as jewelry?
 The only thing is, he said I should get his money back.
 He's in a very embarrassing situation, see?
 Yeah, I know all about it.
 His girl is marrying someone else.
 She is?
 You mean she isn't?
 Oh.
 Well gee, it's worse than that.
 happened she died she died why yes sir and he's gonna get us something else
 I mean he wants his money back his money back he doesn't want to get
 something nice for himself he wants his money back and look I've got a phone is
 girl right this minute I thought she was dead she is but I want to warn her
 I mean that she isn't gonna get I mean it's very bad news how about a
 a pen and pencil set.
 Well, Cabernet made it clear.
 He wants his money back.
 Listen, I got a brother that's going to store up the street.
 How'd you like to take a look at what he's got?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Kathleen, I don't think it's very nice of you
 to smoke on your bus.
 I'm not talking, Mother.
 I just don't feel like talking to anybody.
 Vidi, what were all those phone calls
 you've been taking for the last couple of hours?
 Frankly, Bob, they were all things of ours.
 What did you know if we were really going to let Kathleen accept that phrase?
 Oh my goodness!
 Now Kathleen!
 The gold ride is nobody's business but ours!
 For a matter of fact, I think it shows a very healthy interest.
 And incidentally, Agnes lost that mother call.
 Why?
 Well, they heard this afternoon somehow,
 that Homer's planning to give Agnes an expensive bracelet to...
 What standard are they taking?
 But to tell the truth, Bob, the Lawson family is split wide open.
 What should they against? The bracelet or Homer?
 Oh my goodness, that must be only right now!
 Now remember Kathleen, above everything else?
 You're a lady.
 I want to please change your mind.
 Now, dear.
 Kathleen, don't run to the door.
 Walk like a lady.
 I'm walking, Father.
 Hi, Kathleen.
 Many happy returns of the day.
 Thank you, Henry.
 Why don't you come in?
 OK.
 I'm-- are your folks home?
 Yes.
 Mother and Father just went out to the kitchen.
 She was under the living room?
 All right.
 I've got a little present here for you.
 For me, Henry?
 The only thing is, before I give it to you,
 I want to tell you something.
 Well Henry, first, before you tell me anything, I feel...
 I ought to say something to you.
 You do?
 What about?
 About that present you have there.
 Henry, frankly, it was awfully sweet of you to get me a bracelet.
 I mean...
 Well look, Kathleen.
 Do you mind if I tell you something?
 Here's the way everybody feels about it.
 Yeah please.
 Yes, my dear.
 Will you step out here to the front hole, please?
 Yes, my dear.
 Only I think you're unnecessarily worried because I give you my words.
 I haven't accused you of anything.
 I simply want to speak to you.
 What about Mother?
 Well, your father and I have just been talking
 with Agnes Lawson, folks again.
 Helping Sarah apparently going to the
 I'm sorry to keep you waiting like this, Henry.
 What was it you were gonna say about that present you have?
 Well, I tell you a week.
 Why don't we just wait?
 You really have to do anything like that, Henry.
 Well, Henry, sometimes when a boy gives a girl some meat,
 completely misunderstood.
 You know what I mean?
 It is.
 But if a girl is sensible and realizes that it's just a presence without any special
 settlement connected with it,
 she's just a saying, Kathleen.
 I think...
 No, I don't think I'd better give you this.
 Henry Orgage, you mean I got to make your give me that?
 You mean you're gonna take a...
 Henry, I can hardly wait to open this!
 I don't think you're gonna like it though!
 Oh yes I will!
 Oh and I know what you've done, you put it in this big box, just hold me.
 But, Catherine, it isn't the bracelet.
 It isn't?
 It isn't?
 It really isn't a bracelet?
 No.
 Do you want to give it back?
 Oh no!
 My goodness, it's very acceptable about what a person gives her.
 Or he doesn't make any difference.
 What it is.
 I don't understand how I happen to think.
 You can go ahead and open it if you'd like.
 Hi.
 My goodness.
 What is it?
 It's a...
 It's a book.
 A book?
 Well, isn't that nice?
 It's leather.
 Leather?
 Henry, it's Tennyson, the poms of Mard Tennyson.
 Sure, the bookstore was the only store still open.
 Henry, if all the things you could have given me, anything else would have been just another present.
 But Mard Tennyson, you and I were having a mind-mother.
 You like it? You mean you really like it?
 Henry, as long as I live, it's going to mean Mardin, is it anything I own?
 And would you write something on the fly, please?
 Sure, only my handwriting isn't very good.
 That part is important.
 Just take your fountain can and write
 so many words, so much to do,
 so little done, such things to be.
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 - Well, we're wide be upset.
 Didn't you get Agnes at other present
 instead of a bishlet sure Henry I got a lord tennis in the guilt edge
 since as you said to and I wrote in it so many worlds so much to do so little done
 such things to be and didn't you like it sure she was crazy about it when she
 was why be upset because she wanted to know whether such things to be didn't
 mean she was still gonna get the bracelet
 [applause]
 [music]
 This is the Armed Forces Radio Service.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
