 [Music]
 And now the Jell-O family presents...
 Henry... Henry Oldridge!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the Oldridge family based on characters
 is originated by Flippard Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie
 Kelka's home. And yes, it's the Jell-O family with its three famous desserts.
 Jell-O in those six delicious flavors, Jell-O puddings with that old-fashioned
 homemade flavor and Jell-O tapioca puddings, a miracle of goodness, a marvel of
 speed.
 Everyone's a jello good fellow, a very good jello good fellow, so rich so tempting and
 mellow, J-E-L-L-O.
 And now for the Old Rich Family.
 It's difficult to imagine and even more difficult to remember either a neighborhood
 or a home without a typical teenage boy somewhere in it.
 Henry Aldrich for instance is always right in the center of everything.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich front hall.
 It is mid-morning.
 I'm coming.
 Well, Willie Marshall.
 Mr. Orr, did you know it's snowing cats and dogs outside?
 It's also snowing cats and dogs inside. Come in so I can shut the door.
 Sure. I've got special rates for shoveling the last snow of the year, Mr. Orr, which is dollar an hour.
 A dollar?
 That shocks you?
 It does.
 Well, did I mention I have an easy payment plan?
 Well, no plan could make paying a dollar an hour easy.
 But for snow, that's dirt cheap.
 No, thank you.
 Besides, it isn't necessary to hire anyone. Henry's already out there shoveling our driveway.
 He is?
 Yes, he started nearly an hour ago.
 Gee, I guess the snow's coming down so fast I couldn't see him.
 So thank you just the same.
 Well that's okay, would you like some firewood hole?
 No thanks.
 Lambs rewired?
 No thanks.
 How about having your house repainted?
 (audience laughs)
 But I have a tie in with an uncle.
 No thank you, Willie, and now if you'll excuse me
 I'm helping Mr. Brown make out his infant tax return.
 Okay, I'll move along.
 Here, Mr. Orrin.
 What's this?
 My card, so long.
 Goodbye.
 Say Sam.
 I'm coming, Will.
 I've been looking over these exemptions.
 There must be a typographical error.
 - That's impossible.
 - But Sam, according to this form,
 all I'm allowed to deduct for home are $600.
 - That's right.
 - After all, I go through Sam it isn't fair.
 - Yes, Alice.
 - Don't you think he's been out there long enough?
 - Who?
 - Henry, he'll be simply warned of nothing,
 shoveling all that heavy snow.
 - I'll get the ball, brother.
 - Thank you, Mary.
 - Alice, don't worry about Henry.
 Boys have been shoveling ever since the first snowfall.
 - But when we had his tonsils out,
 Dr. Bennington warned us not to let Henry over-exert.
 Henry was three years old then.
 There is the easiest thing in the world to have a relapse.
 Mr. Brown, that phone call for you.
 Me?
 And here's your part of Hot Chocolate, Mother.
 Thanks, Mary. Here's some.
 I'll be right back.
 You know I don't care for Hot Chocolate.
 Here, I want you to take it out to Henry.
 Alice.
 This man has energy food.
 Hello?
 Will, this is Elizabeth.
 Who?
 Elizabeth Brown, your wife.
 Oh, yes, Elizabeth.
 home over there the aldrices from course not he's shoveling snow off our driveway
 well I did see a dark object out there but I thought it was a trash can
 Elizabeth it's about time you began to recognize the difference between your
 own son and a trash can yes dear and will you know how the poor boy suffers
 from sinus only when there's work to be done but there Elizabeth let's not coddle
 home well hold on a second Elizabeth tell her to come right home and to be
 quick about it is Henry in our house he's not here in our driveway hasn't been
 touched. Elizabeth, how many trash cans did you see outside?
 One. And excuse me, Will, I've got a pot of hot chocolate on the stove.
 What?
 Henry isn't at our house,
 that's a fine thing. Alice, where's Henry?
 Were you calling? I, Father. Henry, all rich. Where did you come from?
 The basement and father, did you know our aluminum snow shovel has disappeared?
 Henry, we gave that to the government in 1942.
 We did? She was. What for?
 We were fighting a war.
 With our snow shovel?
 [laughter]
 Henry.
 But father, the one I'm using weighs a ton.
 No alibi, Henry.
 If Homer's clearing away the brown snow,
 the least you can do is clear ours.
 Homer is?
 That's right, Henry.
 Homer?
 Did someone call me?
 Homer!
 Homer!
 So you were the trash can after all?
 Why?
 Why aren't you at home shoveling snow?
 Because I'm gonna help Henry,
 then he's coming over to help me.
 Oh, don't say.
 Sure, boy, if there's one thing two people can do faster, it's driveways.
 Very well then, suppose you start.
 Yeah, now?
 No.
 Before we find the lighter shovel.
 Homer start shoveling.
 Yes, Father.
 But she wish you'd never seen us know the way so much.
 Come on, well, let's get back to your income tag.
 Father, Father, did I mention the weather report I heard on the radio?
 What about it?
 They predicted we're practically sure to have sun tomorrow.
 Yes?
 or by Saturday at the latest.
 Good hot sun.
 - Well?
 - I don't think I just thought I'd mention it.
 (audience laughing)
 - You know what our trouble is, Sam?
 Our wives coddle those boys too much.
 - Not this time, Will.
 This time, Henry's going to finish that job.
 - Right, Sam, home or two.
 - Well, there, mother just put on her boots and shawl
 and your old Mackinac went out to the driveway.
 - What for?
 - That's what I was wondering.
 She was carrying the coal shovel.
 - What?
 Alice! Alice, come back in here!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Listen, Henry, be careful.
 What do I do now?
 What do you do?
 What do you do?
 Look at the space I cleared in your driveway.
 What space?
 That's just it.
 You threw a shovel full of snow over here,
 and there goes 15 minutes of work.
 Homer, with this shovel that's as far as I can throw it.
 - I've been thinking, Henry.
 How much snow do we take up with each shovel for?
 Six inches at the most.
 - So what?
 - So if we take one shovel every 10 seconds,
 you know how long we'll be?
 - How long?
 - I don't know.
 But I have a date with Agnes tonight,
 and by the time we're through,
 I won't be in shape for anything.
 - Homer, what can we do?
 - Use our brain.
 - You think that's practical?
 I mean like Tom Sawyer.
 - Who?
 - Remember, he got this kid to think white washing
 was so much fun, he did the fence for him
 and gave Tom an apple besides.
 - Homer, those things only happen in books.
 Who'd be dumb enough to fall for a thing like that?
 - Hi, fellas.
 - Oh boy, here's somebody who's dumb enough.
 Charlie Clark, start enjoying yourself.
 Henry, start enjoying yourself.
 - Homer, it won't work.
 - We can at least try.
 Boy, Henry, did you ever have so much fun?
 We!
 Henry.
 - Why?
 - We.
 - Oh!
 (coughing)
 We!
 - We!
 - What's up, fellas?
 - Charlie, don't stop us.
 Boy, are we having fun.
 - Fun, Homer, have you got sunstroke or something?
 - She was no.
 We!
 We!
 We!
 Oh boy.
 Homer, what happened?
 - Oh boy.
 - Homer, why are you bent over?
 - It's nothing, Charlie.
 Didn't you ever laugh so hard you couldn't straighten up?
 - Henry, does he mean he's really enjoying
 shoveling snow?
 - Oh, sure.
 - You know what I think?
 - Why?
 - You guys sure have sunstroke, all right?
 So long.
 - Charlie, wait!
 - I imagine thinking a thing like shoveling snow is fun.
 - But it is, Charlie, look.
 Weee.
 - Homer, he's gone.
 - Weee.
 I told you it only worked in books Homer.
 Well, all I can say is that's a good example of our entire school system.
 What is?
 Tom Sawyer.
 They give you a book like that to read and when you put it to work what happens?
 No wonder I flunked French.
 Fringe?
 What's that got to do with Tom Sawyer?
 It's all tied together Henry, it's all tied together.
 Come on, we'd better get back to shoveling or we'll never get done.
 Okay.
 Ugh, glee.
 Homer never mind weying.
 Oh, I forgot.
 [Sigh]
 Boy, did you ever shovel heavier snow?
 Hiya fellas!
 Who's that?
 Willie Marshall, keep shoveling.
 Hiya fellas, whatcha doin'?
 [Sigh]
 Yes.
 Okay.
 Shovelin' snow?
 You win, Willie.
 Now whatcha like to do me a favor?
 What?
 Jumpin' the lake.
 I can't, it's frozen.
 Ohhh boy.
 I can crack a joke as well as a next guy.
 Willy for the last time beat it and let us finish.
 Say you guys wouldn't consider what?
 Gee, no, I guess you wouldn't.
 Wouldn't want.
 Well, you guys look like you're having so much fun.
 I was wondering if you'd let me try for a while.
 What?
 You mean you want a shovel?
 I guess you wouldn't consider it, huh?
 Sure we would.
 Or here, Willy, try mine.
 Well, Gee, thanks.
 You're holding this package.
 Weee!
 Henry, do you suppose he's got sunstroke?
 Weee!
 Well, well, thanks for letting me try fellas.
 Here, here's your shovel.
 You're quitting?
 When you just started to enjoy yourself?
 Gee, I really don't want to quit only.
 Only I have to deliver this package to my Aunt Mildred, see ya.
 Willie, you mean you're gonna let a little thing like your Aunt Mildred stand between you and the most fun you've ever had in your life?
 Gee, what can I do?
 Willie, look Willie, suppose Homer and I deliver the package for you.
 What fellas you'd really do that for me?
 She'd be a pleasure Willie. Here's your shovelback.
 Well gee, thanks her name's Mrs. Hopkins on Maple Street.
 Sure we know, come on Homer.
 Well thanks again, fellas.
 You're welcome Willie. Boy Henry.
 It just shows how you can misjudge people.
 Here I've been going through life thinking Willie was one of the smartest guys around.
 I'll say.
 And you know what I'm gonna do when I get home?
 What?
 Retarm Sawyer again.
 Maybe there's something in there that can help my French.
 Hi Mrs. Hopkins.
 Hi Mrs. Hopkins.
 Well, come in boys.
 I thought you were my nephew Willie.
 I've been expecting him all morning.
 Well that's the whole thing Mrs. Hopkins.
 What is?
 Willie got sort of tied up in a little deal and sent us over instead.
 Instead, you're taking this place?
 Well, sure. Here's your package, Mrs. Hopkins.
 Package? Oh, that must be.
 But wait here. I'll be right back.
 Wait, Mrs. Hopkins?
 She was. Why does she want us to wait?
 She probably wants to give us a little something
 for delivering the package.
 Oh, boy. You mean we're getting paid to boot?
 Homer, if she gives us money naturally, we won't keep it.
 Why not?
 Because if anyone really deserves it, it's good old willing.
 With all the fun he's having.
 Here you are, boys.
 The brushes, they're here in the package.
 But Mrs. Hopkins, what's in this can?
 White wash.
 White wash?
 White wash.
 Didn't you say you were taking Willy's plate?
 Well, sure, only it was.
 Well, that's why he was coming over to White Wash my basement.
 What?
 Oh, boy.
 Henry, we've been swindled.
 [Music]
 Sam, what are you doing over there by the window?
 Just checking on the boys, Will.
 Homer doesn't look as always wheezing, does he?
 I can only see one of them from here.
 Which one?
 It's hard to tell, but he seems to be shoveling right along.
 You know, Sam, it sure makes you feel good, knowing your son has learned to really stick on the job.
 That's right, Will.
 Sarah just goes to show you Sam that a mother's a mother, but a father will Sam
 every boy really needs a father. After all, who else can teach him how to finish
 whatever he starts? Well, speaking of finishing what you start, let's get back
 to your tax return. My return. Where were we? On Schedule D, page 2. Have you got it?
 Yeah. Sam, why don't I just tell them how much money I've got left over and let
 the government take what it needs.
 Sam, can you answer the front door?
 Very well, Alice.
 We'll start totaling your deduct.
 Oh, but Sam, that's why I really go to pieces.
 Hi, Mr. Alberts.
 Willie, you have already asked me.
 We don't need our plumbing fix.
 Our furnace is fine.
 Well, she was Mr. Alberts.
 I'm not here for that.
 No.
 Come in.
 I've got a path cleared from the sidewalk to your back door, Mr. Alberts.
 What?
 Not naturally, that's for free.
 for free but if I make it wide enough to get your car out don't you think I'm
 entitled to a little something extra? Well it may I ask why you are doing our
 driveway? I made sort of a deal with Henry and Homer. You don't say? Yes sir
 you look upset Mr. Aldrich. Upset? If you aren't naturally considering the
 circumstances I wouldn't think of charging you full price. Well it won't be
 necessary for you to clear our driveway. But Mr. Aldrich I made a bargain with the
 boys. The boys were in no position to make such a bargain. You may go home
 Well, Gee, if you say so, Mr. Alders.
 I say so.
 Well, if you say so, goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 If you ever need your pipe filling out or anything like that...
 Yes, Willie, I have your card.
 Goodbye.
 Sam.
 Yes, Will. I'm coming.
 I can't figure out what...
 Sam, you look awful. Did you fall down the front steps?
 That would have been a pleasure.
 What?
 Well, the night Henry was born and I found out he was a boy.
 I had to pinch myself to make sure it was true
 But I never realized I'd go through life pinching myself for the same reason watch Henry done now
 And it is known a Henry well you might as well sit down and start pinching yourself, too
 And now while Mr. Albridge and Mr. Brown are pinching themselves, let's listen to
 Meredith Wilson and his talking people.
 "All information, information.
 Meredith, we just love information."
 "All you do?
 Well, why may I ask?"
 "Because it's so short."
 "I see."
 "Unless the
 Jell-O-Vanilla tapioca.
 Jell-O-Vanilla tapioca.
 Jell-O-Vanilla tapioca.
 Jell-O-Vanilla tapioca.
 Jell-O-Vanilla tapioca.
 Rigg, two luscious vanilla.
 Jell-O-Chocolate tapioca.
 Candy, good chocolate.
 And Jell-O-Orange coconut tapioca.
 Tangy, refreshing orange combined with tropical coconut.
 But, uh, I don't think you'll like them.
 Oh, yes, we will.
 Oh, no, you won't.
 Oh, yes, we will.
 Okay, I guess you will. Everybody loves Jello Tabioca Pudding. Put them on tomorrow's shopping
 list today. And remember the Big Red Letter stand for the whole Jello family of desserts.
 J-D-L-L. Oh, the Big Red Letter stand for the Jello family. Oh, the Big Red Letter stand.
 Oh, the Jello family. That's Jello. Jello, putting. Jello, that's the Oka pudding. Yes,
 And now back to the Aldrich family.
 Yes, getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Sam Aldrich and Will Brown have been shocked to learn that their sons have passed their snow shoveling on to Willie.
 And Henry and Homer have been tricked into whitewashing a cellar for Willy's end.
 The scene opens in her cellar. It is that afternoon.
 Henry, quiz!
 What did you do again with the whitewash, Homer?
 Sure you did, Dorneo.
 My fourth brush splatters.
 But look at my sweater. It's practically polka dotted.
 Oh boy, it's even in my hair.
 Homer, gray hair is very becoming on you.
 Where do I lay my hands on Willy?
 - Well, come on, we're practically through.
 Just a couple more feet of this ceiling and we're free men.
 - Boys, how are you coming along?
 - Coming along, Mrs. Hopkins?
 Well, you might say we're there.
 - You don't say.
 - Homer, your is quite as a sheet, are you, you?
 - No, ma'am, just whitewashed.
 So if you don't mind, Mrs. Hopkins,
 now that we've finished the whitewashing--
 - Don't you think you ought to take a little rest first?
 - Rest first?
 - Yes, before you start removing these ashes.
 What? What ashes?
 There's a pile right over there.
 Just shovel them into those barrels.
 But, but, but,
 And remember, when you've done with that, come upstairs.
 I got something for ya.
 Henry, did she say ashes?
 Yeah.
 That whole pile?
 Yeah.
 Into those six barrels?
 Uh-huh.
 If I'm going home.
 Homer, wait.
 Henry, I'm not gonna kill myself at this stage in my life.
 But don't you realize Mrs. Hopkins might give us something?
 Henry, money isn't every.
 Besides, we made a bargain with Willie Hillsoula.
 Let him all sue him right back out of my way.
 Homer, look out for the white wash!
 Oh boy.
 Homer.
 She was looking my shoes.
 Now I've got one black one and one white one.
 Homer, why don't you put your other shoe in the bucket?
 You think I want to look ridiculous?
 Oh boy!
 What? Yes Mrs. Hopkins?
 I forgot to laugh.
 Can either of you change a $20 bill?
 Twenty? Twenty?
 Yes, I need $5.50.
 Oh boy.
 Gee, you was.
 No, we can't, Mrs. Hopkins.
 Oh, well I'll get it somewhere.
 Thanks anyway.
 Henry, did you hear that?
 She's giving us $5.50.
 Did it sound like that to you too?
 Oh boy, let me add those ashes.
 Then you're not quitting me.
 Are you crazy?
 Not a boy, Homer.
 Besides Henry, it's nice inside work.
 [MUSIC]
 You know, Sam, snow was never this heavy when I was a boy.
 Careful, Will, you're spilling it down my galoshes.
 Wouldn't it be better for their characters if we got into your car and tracked them down and put them back on the job?
 No, Will. This way we'll show them how easily the job could have been done.
 - It only applied themselves. - Yes, but naturally I don't propose to let them off Scott Free.
 We'll charge them for doing their work for them and take it out of their allowances.
 Say, that's a good idea, Sam. How much do we charge?
 Oh, I'd say about 30 cents an hour would be a sharp lesson to them.
 30? I can't work for that kind of money. Let's make it 50 and really teach them a lesson.
 We'll start shoveling.
 Sam, now what?
 You think Henry's right.
 Right, what about?
 The sun coming out tomorrow.
 Now will.
 But the sun does such a nice clean job.
 Will you're as bad as the boys?
 Now keep shoveling.
 Oh, Sam.
 Will, stand back until I figure out how to straighten up.
 (
 Great enough.
 (lively music)
 Homer, keep working.
 - What can we, my back's breaking?
 - Listen, Mrs. Hopkins is gonna pay us $5.50, right?
 - Yeah.
 - Just as soon as we get these barrels of ashes
 out to the curb, right?
 - Yeah.
 - How else can we get them out there?
 - Henry, do you realize Mrs. Hopkins driveways
 twice as long as yours?
 Sure I realize it now. Start shoveling this snow or we'll never get done.
 Are we moving, Will?
 No you, Sam. Your car wheels just keep spinning.
 at the high peak.
 Here we are stuck in a ditch miles from nowhere.
 Well, you shouldn't have told me to take that short.
 Now, Sam, don't go blaming everything on me.
 Besides, things aren't hopeless.
 Once we get moving and get our hands on that flame forward,
 those driveways will be a sense.
 Hey, Will.
 Look.
 It's a snowplow, Sam.
 Hey.
 Hello there.
 Stop, stop.
 Hey, Miss Horridge.
 - Well, it's God. - A junk man?
 And, gosh, what are you doing on that plow?
 - Driving it? - In the junk business?
 - Not anymore.
 Sheila decided to retire.
 - Sheila? - Yeah, my heart.
 She's been pulling that junk wagon,
 man and boy, for 15 years.
 Then, one day last month, she told me she was going to up and retire.
 - She told you? - Yeah.
 Me and Sheila was pretty close, you know.
 After 15 years in the junk business,
 Yes, you just couldn't take it anymore.
 The bells was given a headache.
 (audience laughs)
 Look, Gus.
 - Had a might trouble here?
 - Yes, and could you haul us out of this ditch?
 - Oh, yeah.
 Well, I might be able to--
 - Fine.
 - Only thing is, I'm just a driver of this plow,
 not the proprietor.
 - Gus, we'd be very glad to pay you.
 - You're--
 - Yes, how much?
 - Well, now, first, I'd like to point out
 that this ain't no ordinary plow that you're hiring.
 Yes, I know.
 It's the widest one in the state.
 That's fine only.
 There's two lanes in one fell swoop, as you might say.
 Gus, how does $5 sound?
 $5 saying?
 Why, it has a nice ring.
 How does $10 sound to you?
 $10?
 Now just a minute, Gus.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 Sam, is that you?
 - No, Mother, it's I, Henry.
 - Well, please march straight in here.
 I want a word with you.
 - Yes, Mother, and boy, am I worn out.
 - Henry, I had the least bit of sympathy for you.
 - Mary? - Yes, Mother?
 - Will you bring Henry a nice warm glass of milk?
 - Is he back?
 Mother, don't start on him until I get there.
 Mother? Mother, why didn't Willy do our driveway?
 Because dear your father sent him away.
 What? And Henry, why you couldn't do a simple, ordinary job that your father can do in 10 minutes is beyond me.
 Father's going to clean the driveway?
 Yes, dear, just as soon as he gets back from wherever he disappeared to.
 Oh, boy.
 And when he finds out that you were clearing Mrs. Hopkins' driveway, he's going to be simply furious.
 You heard about that?
 Yes, dear, your Aunt Harriet saw you.
 Mother, let me explain why I did it.
 Dear I know why.
 And someday you'll learn that money isn't everything.
 But that's just it, we didn't get any money.
 What?
 Mrs. Hopkins wanted the 550 for the laundry man.
 Henry, I don't understand a word of this.
 She was all we got out of it were two cokes
 and a glass of ginger ale.
 Black.
 Here's your mail, Kenry.
 Gee, I don't know whether I've even
 got enough strength to swallow.
 Mother, did you hear a crash outside a few minutes ago?
 A cray? No, dear.
 Well, I'm positive I heard something.
 Oh, dear, that must be your father.
 Sam?
 Yes, Alice.
 Henry, now are you gonna get it?
 Mary, your father sounds as though he could use a glass of hot milk, too.
 But, Mother, just when he's going to Mary, please get it.
 My goodness, I might as well be an outsider in this family.
 I see your home, Henry.
 Yes, Father, and Father, as soon as my mittens throw out,
 I'm gonna get started on the driveway.
 Don't bother.
 Sam, before you fly off the handle, why don't you?
 Sam, are you taking off your jacket?
 Father, if I don't make any happier,
 I won't even wait for my mittens to thaw.
 I'll start right now.
 Enray the driveway is cleared.
 It is?
 Sam, are you rolling up your sleeve?
 I am.
 Father, if you're worried that I haven't learned my lesson,
 she was I give you my work.
 Father, you're rolling up both your sleeves.
 I am.
 And now Sam?
 Would you please go up to our bathroom and get something for me?
 You mean your razor strap?
 I mean the Linamans.
 Sam.
 No, I never remembered snow being that heavy.
 Oh, gee, Father, then you're not...
 Henry, suppose you run upstairs and get the Linamans.
 Yes, Father, and I give you my word.
 From now on, I'm gonna pitch into everything.
 Yes, well, now let's not overdo it.
 Sam, I thought you controlled yourself beautifully.
 Alice, I couldn't very well blame Henry.
 when... Yes, son. Alice, suppose we just forget it. Yes, dear. Did you do the whole
 driveway yourself? I had it done, Alice, by Gus. Gus? At a slight additional cost.
 But how did he do it so quickly? He had the widest snowplow in the state. What?
 Ever mind, Alice. But you know that fence between our driveway and kilmers? Yes.
 What would you think if we removed it and widened our driveway three feet?
 Boy, Willy Boy, are you a swindler tricking us into doing all that work at your aunt, Mildred?
 I'll say, Willy Boy.
 Who's a swindler?
 Who's a swindler?
 I got that idea right out of a schoolbook.
 So that makes it perfectly legal.
 What?
 Sure, that one about a guy whitewashing a fence.
 Only, of course, I had a spruce up the idea, some.
 Well, ladies, when it comes to jello,
 whether you spruce it up with extra fixings or serve it just as is,
 that rich fruit-like jello is always tops and treats.
 Yes, those luscious shimmering jello desserts are lovely to look at
 and grand to eat in all six flavors.
 Strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime.
 Every jello flavor has that famous locked-in goodness.
 Flavors sealed right in by a special process,
 so it can't get out till your first delectable spoonful.
 No wonder jello tastes so good it makes you think of the real ripe fruit.
 No wonder jello is America's favorite gelatin dessert.
 Look for those big red letters on the box.
 Those big red letters stand for the jello family.
 [Music]
 For 39 years now, the Boy Scouts of America has carried on a program of character building and citizenship training.
 So this coming week, we salute 2,200,000 Boy Scouts as they go forward with their crusade to strengthen the arm of liberty.
 The more scouts we have today, the better citizens we'll have tomorrow.
 The Old Rich family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer,
 is written by Norman Tokar and Ed Joris with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are House Jamison and Catherine Roth. And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying, "The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 Everyone's a Jell-O good fellow, a very good Jell-O good fellow, so rich, so tempting and mellow. J-E-L-L-O.
 [applause]
 I'm now stage young for the Burns and Allen Show, which follows immediately over most of these states.
 [music]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 [Music]
