 [Music]
 And now for the Aldrich family.
 [Music]
 Somebody once said, "When trouble comes, it never rains but that it pours."
 But with Henry Orridge, it's just one long deluge.
 Boy, Homer, wait a year, see ya.
 Henry, I don't want to be late for school.
 Don't worry, it's right on the way.
 Listen, Henry, if it's such a bargain, how come nobody's grabbed it all?
 Well, Gee whiz, Homer, not everybody can use a motor scooter.
 And you sure are giving it away?
 Well, not exactly giving it, but it's almost the same thing.
 There it is, Homer.
 Where?
 Can't you see the sign?
 Use cars.
 Get a square deal from Chris O'Neill.
 But where's the scooter?
 There, right under the sun.
 Boy, Henry.
 Boy.
 You like it, huh?
 Mm-hmm.
 Mm-hmm.
 But show me where it says they're giving it away.
 Can't you read all my name from the handlebars?
 Special.
 Me and your own price.
 You know what, I mean, I think I'll go in and buy it, right?
 right now.
 - Can we look at the time we have to be at school
 in three and a half minutes?
 - Oh my no, one will take me to go in
 and buy that scooter at my own price.
 - Boy, Henry, you're forgetting about Ms. Siegel.
 - Let's go.
 - Forget it, Homer.
 Her bark is worse than her bite.
 - Oh no, Henry.
 She's never tried to bite me,
 but her bark is bad enough.
 - Hurry up.
 (upbeat music)
 And I am the best friend of the world.
 Good morning, Henry. Good morning, Homer.
 Good morning, Mr. Goulston.
 A noble effort, but I think you would just send it to the lake.
 I don't like to disagree with you, Mr. Goulston, but we won't.
 No, I'll be here when the bell rings,
 because if anybody needs ancient history, it's you too.
 Oh, uh, by the way, class, the Emporium Department Store is running a quiz contest for students.
 I'm sure you're all thrilled at the prospect.
 Is anyone interested?
 I'm overwhelmed that you're response.
 All right, class.
 Now, today we're going to talk about the development of commerce in copies and its threats to the Roman Empire.
 I hope you'll find it interesting, Henry.
 Oh, I'm sure I will, Mr. Dagobson.
 Thank you. Although it first lands, it would be in the mighty way of remembering.
 When somebody finds the scooter before we go get back, boy, that would be a dirty trade.
 No, you don't want to go on. I'm going down to the ring one round.
 I'll bring my head to the ring. Okay, Henry, I'll go with you.
 I'm about, and the old Rick stand up.
 Yes, Miss Siegel, sir.
 May I ask why will it bring?
 We didn't know who disturbed the class.
 (audience laughing)
 - It is a very commendable.
 Now, would you mind paying a little attention
 to ancient history?
 I know it's a very dull subject
 and it's not very important.
 And that it really means nothing
 and you shouldn't even have to learn it here in school.
 - Gee, where's Ms. Agleton?
 That isn't your fault.
 - To downbook you.
 - Yes, Ms. Agleton?
 - Yes, Ms. Agleton.
 - Henry, I'm going to see
 if you've been getting anything out of these classes.
 Am I safe in assuming that you've heard of Rome?
 Oh, yes ma'am.
 And am I safe in further assuming that you know Rome
 was at war with Gaul?
 Yes, in a tagleston.
 Well, can you tell me the date of that war?
 Date.
 Well, gee, I have a wonderful memory for faces,
 but I can't remember dates at all.
 Well, Rich, I ought to see you during lunch hour.
 You do?
 Lunch hour?
 Even though I plan on something else?
 You make 16 minutes to eat and then report here.
 15 minutes?
 Well, what about my indigestion?
 [SCREAMING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Homer, look, here's the scooter.
 They haven't sold it yet.
 Boy.
 Now listen, and they'll be smart.
 Don't let them know you want it.
 Pretend you're interested in something else,
 then they won't raise the price.
 You're absolutely right.
 Here comes the salesman.
 Hello, boys. Can I do anything for you? My name is Randall.
 Oh, we're just looking around, Mr. Randall.
 Well, we've got the best buys in town.
 You have anything special in mind?
 Oh, and how much is that dump truck over there?
 Dump truck. What more would you want with a dump truck?
 Well, for picnics.
 Now, if you want something a nice sporty job,
 how about this little convertible?
 Leather upholstery, automatic top, free throw.
 - Where are you? - A scooter.
 - Where? - Over there.
 - Well, gee, where?
 (laughing)
 - It belongs to an elderly school teacher
 who only drove it on weekends.
 - The scooter?
 - No, the-- the convertible.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, what are you boys interested in anyway,
 the convertible or the scooter?
 - Well, I don't know.
 This scooter kind of-- my eye.
 - Me too.
 - Oh, well, you're in luck, boys.
 You can get that scooter today
 today for practically nothing.
 Well, Jean, where the price is right?
 Sure.
 We're having a special on it.
 You can have it at your own price.
 $25.
 $25?
 Jean, that was in my price.
 $45.
 What if you had a mine?
 $2.47.
 $2.40.
 Why, you couldn't buy the seat for that.
 OK, Mr. Rarely, you can keep the seat.
 I don't know.
 I'll tell you what.
 You can have it for twenty dollars.
 Twenty.
 Oh my mind isn't close.
 Would you care to make a counter offer?
 Yes sir.
 Two dollars and forty cents.
 Two dollars boys.
 We're willing to take a loss on this but uh...
 I tell you what.
 You can have it for fifteen dollars but that's the rock bottom price.
 You know what are you going to do Mr. Random?
 Would you be willing to consider a financial arrangement?
 Right on time.
 How much of a dollar payment could you make?
 The exact figure?
 Yes.
 Two dollars and forty cents.
 Boy, here's another idea.
 Why don't you leave a deposit and take the scooter home?
 Keep it a day and maybe your father will buy it for you.
 Gee, three, that's swell.
 How much of a deposit can you leave?
 Two dollars and forty.
 Two, forty. Now, no.
 Homer, do you have any money?
 I have a dollar, but...
 Oh, let me have it, Homer.
 Okay, here we are.
 You're looking, Mr. Randall.
 I usually don't carry this much with me.
 Yes.
 Oh, this will do.
 Now, remember boys, you're gonna have it for one day.
 Oh boy, we're going to go home and style.
 Well, a guy's be surprised when they see us whizzing down the street.
 Boy, we ever pass them up on their old bike.
 Yeah.
 Okay, we're getting our outfit here in the back.
 You can drive.
 Me?
 And then I'm going to drive a scooter.
 Can't you know where you're going?
 No.
 You need a new line.
 Well, camping much, too, it probably starts the same way as a motorcycle.
 Oh, sure.
 You know how to start a motorcycle? No
 Don't you step on this thing
 You almost had it here. We try it again. Okay
 Maybe this brother starts something I guess no
 Anyway, the motor sure sounds good now in the windman home. I think I've got it first you give her plenty of gas
 And I choke it a little then you step on this thing
 [Music]
 Boy, here it took us twice as loyal to get home with the schoolers.
 No, Homer, we won't always have to push it.
 Come on, I want my father to see it.
 Father!
 Mother!
 Mother!
 Mother!
 Goodness, Henry, what's the matter? Is anything wrong?
 What is it, Henry?
 How are you on the front lawn?
 Look, do you see anything?
 I certainly do.
 Wouldn't the wall left that pile of junk on our lawn?
 Law? Father, it's a scooter and it's wrong.
 Yeah, great. You did it. I bought it on approval.
 Approval? Who?
 Yours, Folling.
 I was hoping you could see your way clear to advance me something on my allowance.
 Well, I don't know, Henry. I'd like you to learn the value of money.
 When I was a boy, I always made a point to save something every week out of my allowance.
 What did you do with the money you saved father?
 Why I got married.
 Frankly father, I'd rather have the scooter.
 Never mind how this all got it.
 Don't worry Henry, I'll talk to your father.
 Boy, did you hear that? I can have the scooter.
 But Henry earlier mother said, "Well she talked to your father."
 I can't explain at home.
 But all my mother has to do is just keep on talking and talking.
 And somehow she always gets my father to see her point of view.
 She died?
 Sure.
 What happens when your mother talks to your father?
 He goes out to the garage and starts pounding nails.
 Come on, let's go for a ride.
 You don't even know how to start it.
 Let's see if we've tried everything, gas, choke, or release of mercy.
 Boy, here we go.
 Why him?
 We've got to be ignition turned on.
 Oh, here it is.
 I got it going.
 All right, in, home, all right.
 Keep going Henry
 Why is this well?
 They didn't bother me with heart-making, or I better die invested.
 Okay, Homer, you can go back.
 Henry, can we look out for that tree?
 Okay, Homer, I can't stop!
 But I'm the brave.
 Where is this?
 The area, the area, come far!
 [GUNSHOT]
 [LAUGHTER]
 He's a [INAUDIBLE]
 I'm a whore.
 You're a whore, you know.
 Never.
 Never mind about me.
 What happened to the scooter?
 Look at it.
 Gosh, Homer.
 What a wreck.
 Here's the part that still works.
 [Laughter]
 I took my private pieces in the garage before my father's season.
 You grab the insurance, I'll take an order.
 Okay, come on.
 Let's plug it over into the garage.
 Hey, what's your pharmacy in?
 I see it if we put in there.
 No, he always parts the car in the driveway.
 There.
 Boy, what am I going to tell him?
 I'm coming.
 I'll wait here.
 Yes, Father?
 Hey, that was the segostin on the pole.
 It was, Father.
 You can forget all about me buying that scooter
 until your ancient history improves.
 Yes, Father.
 But Father, would it be all right if I bought it out of my allowance, though?
 I'm also cutting off your allowance until you catch up in your studies.
 Even though I have debts to pay, legal obligations.
 That's all I have to say, Henry.
 You can convince me of your sincerity
 by doing better in your schoolwork.
 She wins.
 Hey, Henry.
 Come here, Homer.
 Heard what your father told you.
 What are you going to do?
 All I know is, Homer, are we in trouble?
 We.
 I like it in this.
 But then you say you want to be a partner?
 Sure, Henry.
 Believe me, Homer, it's legal.
 You ask, and I accept it.
 It's a contract.
 Ask any lawyer.
 Oh, boy.
 Henry, you get me in the dine this trouble.
 Look, Homer, old pal, all we need is $11.60.
 Now, what did you ask your father?
 I will not. Absolutely no, Henry.
 You know my father. I wouldn't dare ask him.
 Father, can I speak to you a minute?
 What is it, Homer?
 I'd like to ask you an embarrassing question.
 Well?
 I have $11.60.
 I'll give you an answer, which causes me no embarrassment.
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 She was father.
 Don't you mean you want to score?
 Frankly, no.
 What is it for?
 Well, you see, Henry and I want to buy this motor scooter.
 A motor scooter?
 I used one?
 Yes, sir.
 Quite a bit.
 I'm afraid not.
 Accidents happen with scooters.
 They do, father.
 I can't imagine why you want a scooter, Homer.
 Now I could understand it if it was a new bicycle.
 I can't have a new bicycle?
 No.
 For a father.
 Lace, have you ever wondered why we recommend that you keep several jello flavors on hand
 instead of buying just one at a time?
 [
 [
 ]
 Three way to get the package with the big red letters, J-E-L-L-O.
 Your drosser has Canada's red letter dessert.
 And now we're getting back to the troubles of Henry Alders.
 [
 ]
 The scene opens and the Alders living room.
 paper down Sam. Sam. Dear. What is the dollar? I want to talk to you about Henry.
 Before I fortified myself with breakfast. Sam. All right. Why isn't Henry more like
 some of the other boys at school? What boys? Well, as Christmas and the news, he's an
 outstanding student. Alice, the boy that plays the pickle on. There's nothing wrong
 with Henry, you straighten himself off.
 - Maybe he'd only take a real interest in your studies.
 If I could only get him to make a game of it,
 that's how Roslyn Burke got hurt to girls
 to enter the quiz contest at the Emporium.
 Then why couldn't I do that with Henry?
 - If they didn't get Henry to enter the quiz contest
 by pretending it's a game.
 - Then at least I can call it to his attention.
 - Good morning, mother, good morning, father.
 - Good morning, how do you feel there?
 - Fine, mother.
 Father, could I ask you a legal question?
 If you'll make it short, Henry, I always dislike giving free legal advice.
 Suppose A is driving something belonging to B.
 - This car? - Yes, it is.
 Could be. And A has an accident and ruins the scooter, the car.
 What could happen to A if we can't pay for the damages?
 Does A have a driver's license?
 No, three doesn't even have a car.
 I mean, no sir.
 The day is in serious trouble.
 Not only can we have a jail for the non-settlement
 of a legal death with a judgment obtained in court,
 but the police can press criminal charges against they.
 I wouldn't even recommend the lawyer for it.
 Nothing can help him.
 I think.
 You don't think the law may have been changed
 since you went to school, huh?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yes, sir.
 It's not like the Henry.
 Look, Henry, the Emporium Department store is running a quiz contest.
 They've got a big ad in the paper, which should be a lot of fun.
 Yes, Mom.
 It's like a game. They ask you all sorts of questions.
 Yes, Mom.
 Do you put it in your pocket? You can look at it later if you're interested.
 Hi.
 Boy, Homer, did I just get some bad news?
 Listen, Henry, we're able to...
 Don't you feel well?
 Here you pale.
 Yeah, must be prison power setting.
 - Did you get some money from Mr. Randall?
 - Not yet, and I just found out, but unless we pay,
 we can go to prison for years.
 - I'd be telling you, Henry, I had nothing to do with it.
 - Apparently you don't realize that you're in a accessory after the fact.
 - Henry, that doesn't make sense.
 - Not supposed to make sense. It's legal talk.
 - Henry, will you get that out in the kitchen?
 All right, mother.
 Just a minute, almost.
 Hello?
 Hello.
 Can I stick to Henry Aldrich?
 This is he talking.
 This is Mr. Randall, Henry.
 What about the scooter?
 Do you want to buy it?
 Yes, Mr. Randall, but I don't have the money right this minute.
 I'll be happy to give you my personal I/O you though.
 Well, that won't be necessary as long as you're going to buy it.
 Your father is good for it.
 Oh, sure.
 Tell me, how's it run?
 Is the motor missing?
 Oh, no.
 I know just where it is.
 (audience laughing)
 - Now, you are every single piece.
 - I think you are.
 - I mean, I'm keeping it in the garage where it's safe.
 - Oh, that's fine, and I'll hear from you soon.
 - Yes, sir, you will.
 I can almost promise.
 - Okay.
 - Hey, where are we gonna get some money from, sir, in?
 - Homer, I'm afraid we're gonna have to do something desperate.
 - What?
 - Tell Mr. Randall and my father the truth.
 - You don't have to go overboard.
 Maybe something will happen.
 - Homer, what could happen?
 We might get a job or inherit some money or win a prize on a quiz show.
 A quiz show? Where's that newspaper ad my mother gave? Here, home, or look at this.
 And we access an ad for that silly quiz show at the employee.
 Look at what they're giving away for prizes. Any contestant who correctly answers two out of three questions will receive a prize of $15.
 $15?
 So I don't know.
 Homer, it's a...
 When you get up on the stage you're allowed to pick any category you like, if it hasn't
 already been taken, right?
 So what's the easiest category here?
 Let's see.
 Four.
 That's right.
 What's the hardest one?
 You know what it is.
 Harry ain't in history.
 Well, nobody in his right mind would ever pick ancient history, so I'll take that.
 And...
 Then it's a library studying.
 It's ancient history.
 Why not?
 Lots of people are gonna be studying.
 - It's a library study. - It's a library study.
 Please think you can learn ancient history.
 - No, not lots of people learn it. Look at Ms. Agleston.
 She didn't learn it, Henry. She was there one and half.
 [laughter]
 - More calls, sir? - Thank you, Alice.
 I know that Henry was at the
 six o'clock this morning reading perfectly normal I did it myself when I was
 Henry's age I just couldn't get enough of Frank Madewell normally with Henry it's
 never because never it's about the same thing they all have their boyhood heroes
 and don't you realize Henry's been studying Henry studying Alice I don't
 believe it good morning good morning good morning sit down here I'll have
 your breakfast in a moment. I'll thank you mother. I just had a glass of milk and a
 couple cookies in the kitchen. Henry, really, you must get to school early this
 morning. Homer and I are going to spend a little time in the library. The library?
 Yes, Father. If you have no objection. None it's all, Henry.
 Yeah, don't work too hard. All right, Father. Alice, now I've seen everything.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 All right, sir.
 All right, quiet.
 Now, yesterday, we were talking about the athletes
 of ancient Greece.
 What were some of the sports in which they excelled?
 Well, I see an unfamiliar hand from a brown.
 One of the most popular Greek sports was throwing the discus. The modern record is 181 C, 6, and 3/8 inches, held by a dawpaul consolini of Italy. He established his record.
 That's his enough, Pomer.
 Let's return to ancient Greece with the rest of the class, shall we?
 Yes, Ms. Eggleston.
 Now, many of the famous athletes of their day were engaged in the Second Telepenetian War, which took place in more 31 B.C.
 And we all rich you will answer on it.
 What did you say, Henry?
 431 BC.
 But that's right.
 I know that you're silly, but then
 can we?
 Who was the outstanding figure of that war?
 Pericles.
 What happens?
 In the always just tell me one more thing.
 Sure.
 When did the second Peloponnesian war end?
 421 BC.
 Well, I have been teaching for 23 years,
 and in all that time, this is the most wonderful thing that has happened.
 If it were in my power, I'd get the entire class of holidays.
 Now, Henry, tell me, when did this?
 No, no, I better not deserve the miracle.
 in there.
 Well folks this is very exciting quiz show so far.
 The first six contestants were all girls and each of them was able to answer two out of
 three questions correctly and win a fifteen dollar prize.
 In fact there have been no losers so far.
 We have left only two contestants both born.
 I'm sure they're not going to let the girls beat them.
 Ha ha ha! No, sir, read!
 Now, the two categories left are...
 Ancient history and sport.
 Oh, wait, Homer, it sure worked out on her feet.
 What in hell did he say?
 Oh, Henry, this is your son.
 Sure.
 How's the next contestant will be Homer Brown?
 He has his choice of two categories.
 Sport, San Asian history.
 Now, don't forget, Homer.
 I'm taking ancient history, dear.
 Homer, do you hear?
 Sure, I hear, Henry.
 You said all take ancient history.
 - I'll take ancient history. - Oh, they're brown picks ancient history.
 - Why, do you know why, Homer? - Oh, there must be a wiz in ancient history to pass up for...
 - Why, never... - Why, this will probably be duck soup for you.
 - Please, I would like it. - Oh, you like it, son.
 - All right, Homer, here's your first one.
 Was Julius Caesar a Roman or a Greek?
 - He's got to be one of the others. - That's right.
 - Did he ever throw the discus? - Well, I'm sure I don't know. He probably did.
 Then he was a Greek.
 Oh, I'm sorry, that's wrong.
 [HORN HONKING]
 No, Julius Caesar was a rogue.
 Now, for your next question, who, according to legend,
 fiddled while Rome burned?
 He had no much about music.
 Hi, if the question in ancient history, Homer,
 he was a Roman.
 Roman Julius Caesar?
 Oh, I'm sorry, that's wrong again.
 Oh, you missed two out of three and I'm afraid you've lost your chance to win the
 fifteen dollar prize. Better luck next time, hold around. And now for our last contestant,
 Henry Aldrich, who takes the last category sport. Now here's your first question,
 Henry. In the year 1926, there were only two left-handed batters who hit over 350.
 One of them threw right hand. Can you tell me the name of the other player?
 Would you mind repeating the question?
 Not all. In the year 1926, there were only two left-handed batters who hit over 350.
 One of them threw right hand.
 Can you tell me the name of the other player?
 Would you mind repeating the question just one more?
 Henry, what's the good of sitting here in the front porch?
 Let's go in the house.
 Boy, Homer, did you mess things up?
 May, you got me into this, Henry.
 I was an unwarying victim.
 Besides all the aggravation and loss of sleep,
 I've had its already cost me a dollar in cash.
 Look, Homer, if you hadn't been so dumb--
 Oh, I thought you were, Henry.
 I've been looking for you.
 I want to talk to you.
 You do, Bobby.
 Henry, I saw Mr. Randall yesterday.
 Father, please remember that there are two sides to every store.
 I saw him because Mr. Eggleston called and told me how well you've been doing in ancient history.
 Henry, I'm proud of you.
 Father, what has ancient history got to do with Mr. Randall?
 Well, your mother and I were so pleased that I went to Mr. Randall, and I bought you the scooter you wanted.
 Thank you very much, Father.
 But, I'm sorry, Henry, to tell you this.
 I don't know how it happened, but backing the car into the garage, I ran over the scooter.
 I'm afraid I smashed it up quite a bit.
 You did?
 Yes.
 Father!
 I mean, but Father really did to tell you...
 I don't try to take the blame.
 It was entirely my fault.
 Well, it's alright, Father.
 Fortunately, Mr. Randall carried insurance.
 He asked the scooter and is being repaired right now.
 Boy, Henry.
 And this time, find out where the brake is before you ride it.
 Oh, Mary.
 And, Henry, I'm glad that from now on you'll be able to ride to the library.
 Library?
 Classfather, what would I be doing in a library?
 [MUSIC]
 Good evening, Miss Agleston.
 Well, sir, what? Can we order it? It's a surprise. Come right here. Oh, no, thank you, Ms. Eggleston.
 We just came to extend an invitation to you. An invitation? Well, how nice.
 Well, here's the least we can do. After the slow way you call out my family about my schoolwork.
 So, Ms. Eggleston, we hereby cordially invite you to be our very first guest.
 To take a ride on Henry's new school there. Well, really.
 Well, really is right.
 But here's really the kind of invitation that folks will snap up.
 That's an invitation to dinner with jello for dessert.
 Serve your family and friends delicious jello often.
 They're sure to like it.
 You have seven flavors to choose from.
 Strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, lime, or pineapple.
 Each flavor tastes just like the real ripe fruit itself.
 For every jello flavor is lost in by a special jello process.
 So it's sealed right in so it can't... until you're ready to handle it.
 (dog barks)
