 [Music]
 [Music]
 Jell-O everybody, the Jell-O family of desserts presents...
 Henry Henry O'Rourke!
 Coming, Mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the O'Rourke family based on parages originated by Clifford Goldsmith
 and starring Ezra Stone as Henry O'Rourke with Jackie Pelt as Homie.
 And yes, it's the Jello family. Oh, the Big Red Letter stand for the Jello family. Oh, the Big Red Letter stand for the Jello family. That's Jello, yum yum yum. Jello please. Yum yum yum. Jello, tap. Be out the pudding, yes, sorry. And now for the Aldridge family.
 [Music]
 One of the things you remember best after you've grown up is the number of the house and the name of the street where you spent your teenage.
 And no doubt it was something like 117L street where Henry Aldrich lives.
 It is early morning and the scene opens in the Aldrich kitchen.
 Sam!
 I miss the base, Madalis.
 I know, dear, and could you please shovel a coal a little more quietly?
 You'll wake the kilners next door.
 Alice, coal is not something you can shovel quietly.
 Well, please try. It's just a quarter to six.
 Mary, are Henry's pancakes done?
 Dear, open your eyes before you stumble and fall into the skillet.
 Yes, mother. My goodness, I can't see why Henry had to force us all out of bed in the middle of the night
 the night simply because he has to go to work.
 - Dear, he didn't force us, we volunteered.
 - Who did I did?
 - Yes, dear.
 - Mother, I couldn't have.
 That's one thing Kermit impressed on me
 after he got out of the army.
 Never volunteer for anything.
 - Mary, if your own brother shows this kind of ambition,
 the least you can do is cooperate
 and see that he gets off on a full stomach.
 - Alice, where's the wisse broom?
 - Sam Oldridge, how did you get your pajamas that dirty?
 - I got into a landslide.
 Where?
 In the coal bin.
 Where's the broom?
 Hanging behind you.
 My goodness, you're certainly your son's father.
 When you're shoveling coal in the middle of the night,
 what can you expect?
 Now, Sam, don't you grumble too.
 You're the one who's always after him
 to show more initiative.
 Well, I didn't mean for him to show it.
 It's six o'clock in the morning.
 Now, Sam?
 Besides his schoolwork is just as important as his initiative.
 He and Hormone never get those circulars delivered
 before their first class.
 Sam, old, you certainly don't have much confidence
 your own son. Who on it? I'll get the phone. Would you like the pancakes too
 father? Mary pancakes are not something you eat when your stomach still asleep.
 Henry are you drinking your milk? I'm just starting to mother. Hello? Alice this is
 a bit brown. Has Will showed up at your house? Will. My husband. Is he on his way
 over? I don't know. He was half asleep and I sent him out for the milk and he
 opened the back door and just kept going.
 Oh my goodness.
 So if he shows up there, would you give him
 one of Sam's robes and some bedroom slippers
 and send him home?
 Yes, Elizabeth, goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Oh, and Alice?
 Yes, Elizabeth?
 You don't think this job will be too taxing on Homer, do you?
 Taxi?
 Well, I took it for the doctor last month.
 And Alice, the poor boy has practically no metabolism left
 at all.
 I'm sure it'll do him a world of good.
 And I'll keep an eye open for Will.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Mother, is there anything on that telephone table besides the telephone book in the memo pair?
 No, dear. What are you looking for?
 A perfectly wonderful letter I got from Kermit yesterday.
 I thought as long as I'm up I'd sit down and answer it so he could see the effect it's having on me as soon as possible.
 Dear, this is no time to be answering letters. Please see that Henry gets his pancakes first.
 Yes, Mother. But I could very easily do that and write the first draft at the same time.
 Mary, the morning's complicated enough as it is.
 Henry, are you eating?
 Sure, Mother. Look, I'm already halfway through my half a grapefruit.
 That's fine, then drink your milk.
 Hey, Henry!
 In the dining room, Homer.
 Hi, Henry.
 Good morning, Mr. Aldrich.
 Homer, dear, it's me.
 Oh.
 Oh, sure.
 Oh, are you ready to start him?
 Just as soon as he drinks his milk and has his pancakes.
 I'll go see if I told him to mock.
 - Give me room at the table, Henry.
 - What are you doing?
 - Stuffing the rest of the circulars in these envelopes.
 - Gee whiz, Hummer, haven't you done that yet?
 - Henry, I'll be done by the time you're finished eating.
 - Here are your pancakes, Henry.
 - Oh, it's about time.
 Boy, don't you realize we have to be in school by 8.30?
 - Well, my goodness, that's a good example
 of the appreciation you get around here
 for working to the bone.
 Would you mind standing up?
 - Gee whiz, what are you looking for?
 - Nothing, you can sit down.
 I just thought the letter might be on your chair.
 - Henry.
 - Why?
 - Who was that?
 - Mary.
 - Your sister?
 - Well sure.
 - Well I'll be done,
 and over all those things sticking out of her head.
 (audience laughing)
 - The curlers.
 - Yeah.
 Boy, you have to get up pretty early in the morning
 to see what a girl's like under everything.
 - I'm calling.
 (audience laughing)
 - Homer, what are you doing?
 - Hey, circulars in the envelope.
 - No, you're not,
 you just stuffed a paper napkin into that top one.
 I did.
 Jane was open your eyes.
 What was that?
 Nothing.
 Just me and the whole clothes tree.
 You ran into it, father?
 No, it jumped out on a tech machine.
 Henry, I want to make one thing clear, no matter where you are.
 No matter how many circulars you have left to deliver, at 8.15 you're to drop everything and make tracks for school.
 But, father, we have to finish.
 Sure, we've already been paid too long.
 That's your responsibility.
 You're just to get to school on time.
 Is that clear?
 Yes, father. Come on, Homer. Let's start.
 But I'm going to finish stuff. You can do it all the way.
 Ben, where are the boys going?
 To work. Goodbye, everybody. Hi, homie.
 Good evening. It's all to work, we go.
 Hi. Goodness, Sam. Why did you let him go before he finished his milk?
 He'll survive, Alice. Now, come on.
 Where? Back to bed.
 Before we clean up?
 Before I fall flat on my face. Come along.
 Father, I can't find Kermit's letter anywhere.
 Mary, it's 650.
 Father, I have to find it.
 Suppose it falls into some strange hand.
 I suppose it does.
 Father, I just die.
 I'd lie right down and die.
 Good heavens, what sort of a letter did he write?
 Oh, mother, it was beautiful.
 When Kermit writes a letter, it isn't just a letter.
 It's got language in it.
 That's novel.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And it isn't the kind of language I'd like strangers to see.
 Well, if it was in the house, it couldn't have walked off.
 Now, where did you have it left?
 Oh, that's the whole thing. I'm positive I put it on the desk last night.
 On the desk?
 Yes.
 I know because Henry was sitting next to me putting circulars into those envelopes and...
 and...
 Oh, my goodness.
 Nah, Mary.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Mary, calm down.
 Calm down, mother, calm down when my private life may be spread all over town.
 Mary!
 Mother Kermit practically proposed!
 Father, out of my way!
 Where are you going?
 Out in Stalk Henry, before he roars my lawn.
 Mary!
 Sam's selfish.
 But you catch her death of cold and nothing but her night down at curlers.
 Hair doggy, nice doggy.
 Listen, dog, can't you go away from that gate and let me get up on that friend porch with this circular?
 But I've only got two more left.
 Please, dog, come on, be civilized.
 *snoring*
 Look, suppose I give you a peanut butter sandwich from my lunch.
 *snoring*
 A lot of pieces of lare can...
 *snoring*
 And orange...
 *barking*
 Even if I peeled it...
 *screaming*
 *screaming*
 What I can say is you will never get to be man's best friend.
 "Momer, what are you standing around for?
 Don't you realize schools in twenty minutes?"
 I realize, Henry, I realize the one that doesn't realize is Hilliard's dog.
 He won't let me through their gaze.
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Who's that?
 Mrs. King.
 Across the street.
 Oh, sure.
 Hi, Mrs. King!
 Henry, your mother called and asked me to keep an eye open for you.
 You're to call home immediately.
 I am?
 And when he closes up...
 My father's probably worried about my being late for school.
 Mrs. King, would you call my house and say things are working out perfectly?
 Yes, sir.
 And if my mother's worrying, tell her I know I ran out without finishing it,
 but I'll get some at school.
 - Come on! - Milk!
 And thanks a lot, Mrs. King.
 [snoring]
 - Harry, why can't we skip this house?
 - Homer, we were paid to do this job right.
 The trouble is this dog thinks you're afraid of him.
 - He does? - Sure.
 - Well, he's a pretty smart dog.
 [laughter]
 - Here.
 Just watch me handle him.
 Listen, doggy.
 Get away from that gate and let me in.
 [crying]
 Well, I guess it won't hurt to miss just this one, pal.
 [crowd laughing]
 And we can leave the two circulars at that house where our old Miss Fletcher and her older sister live.
 Two? For one family?
 And we are here, then, not speaking to each other.
 We wouldn't learn one of them missing us while raising a blade sale, would we?
 No, I guess not. Come on, and let's hurry.
 What for? We've got plenty of time.
 I know, but I want to get to school up humanly to look over my composition.
 Composition?
 Let's do today for English.
 Didn't you write one?
 Not yet.
 I was playing and writing my own study period on my father.
 A whole composition and one period?
 Well, I'm not exactly writing a whole composition.
 I'm taking the one I wrote for history last week and where it says Abraham Lincoln, I'm
 erasing and writing in Will Brown.
 That's not a bad idea.
 I'm sure, especially if I keep a carbon copy to show my father.
 Let's cross the street.
 Okay. What's yours about?
 That trip we took to Washington last year. I spent three days writing it.
 It's even illustrated with the snapshots we took in front of the White House in places.
 No kidding, am I mentioning?
 I'll say. Let me read you what you said to that guard in the treasury.
 You go into that.
 The explainer didn't know the money was real till after I picked it up.
 I'll read you the hope the hope well to you was can't friend
 Hold my lunch while I go through the rest of my pocket
 Are you sure you wrote it in?
 I mean you don't suppose you just think you did Homer. It was no dream
 I put it right next to my plate this morning, so I wouldn't oh
 Boy, what's wrong? Oh boy Homer what besides that napkin did you stuff into those envelopes?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Frank.
 Yes, Tim.
 Frank Anderson, please put down that paper.
 I know you don't like to be upset at breakfast,
 but this isn't a letter that can be ignored.
 Letter from who?
 Henry Eldridge to your daughter Kathleen.
 When I got up to close the window at 6.30 this morning,
 I saw him sneak up on our transport,
 put this letter in our mailbox, and then
 on the street. The only reason I happened to read it was it was in a plain white
 envelope and I thought it was a circular. Just read it. Now fill it up. Very well.
 But I think we should leave the kids alone. When they get to our age they'll
 have trouble enough to do. Whose kitten face? What? Kitten face. That's the way it
 starts. Dear kitten face and it's signed Honey Bunny Boo. Dear it's what's in
 between kitten taste and honey bunny boo that scares the daylights out of me what
 could a couple of kids right that could that could
 well good heavens good heavens indeed but did you read this part about about about
 what we'll never mind
 this is practically a proposal I know what are we going to do we're not going to do
 a thing what trouble with you fill it is you don't recognize a joke when you see
 it Joe of course no kid could possibly write a thing like this in all seriousness
 Well, I'm sorry, Frank, but I can't bring myself to regard the possibility of Henry Aldrich as a son-in-law, as a joke.
 Yes. Well, if you like, go ahead.
 Go ahead and what?
 Speak to Kathleen.
 Me?
 And make it quite clear I'm behind you 100%.
 Well, Frank, I was planning on you talking to her.
 Me?
 My goodness, what the father for?
 Well, to have Amanda Mantors.
 Oh, but Frank!
 Now, really, don't look at me that way. Just remember, I was the one who wanted a son.
 [Music]
 Hello?
 Hello, Acme Cut Red Dress.
 Hello, look, I only have a few minutes before the first bell rings.
 Church bells? No, we don't carry them.
 Why?
 No, I'm calling about your circulars.
 Oh, yes! Our special this week is two packages of razor blades for 24 cents.
 I know, I folded them.
 A razor blade?
 No! The circulars.
 Oh, God. How many packages shall we send up?
 - What packages? - Aren't you calling to order?
 Mr. You're not listening. I'm one of your boys.
 Oh, no wonder you didn't make sense.
 - Huh? - As far as a fret.
 - What? - Why aren't you in school?
 I am, and I'm not one of your sons.
 - Oh. - Why was delivering for you?
 If you speak louder, we seem to have bad connections.
 Has anyone called and said they found
 my exciting and educational trip to Washington,
 in with one of your circuaries?
 Washington, you're going to Washington?
 - What? - Well, have a nice time.
 - Come on, huh? - Don't miss the bureau of standards.
 - He don't understand. This is for class.
 - They're all going? - What?
 - Now I get you the whole class is going to Washington,
 including my boys, Horace and Fred.
 - Mr. Please. - Fine idea.
 It'd be nice to get them out of the house for a few days.
 - Look, if he was listening to me.
 (upbeat music)
 - Good morning, Mrs. Todd. Come right in.
 Thank you.
 I wonder if you could spare a cup of powdered sugar.
 Of course.
 You must excuse my appearance in my kitchen.
 I got the most peculiar piece of mail today,
 and I'm afraid I've spent most of the morning
 trying to make head or tail of it.
 You don't say.
 I think I finally got it figured out, though.
 I think it's a sort of travel advertisement.
 It is?
 Well, the thing that threw me off is the clever way it's done.
 You see, it's supposedly written by this young boy
 who'd never been to Washington before.
 Well, that is clever.
 And judging by the grammar and some pictures that are on it,
 it's obviously a refugee child who hasn't been in this country long.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, you don't say.
 Well, I got a very strange thing in my mailbox, too.
 A travel ad?
 No.
 It was a plane quite envelope with a paper napkin
 and half a pancake in it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You won't say.
 You don't imagine it is something to do with those jackpot radio programs.
 Like so?
 Oh my goodness, maybe I ought to go home and sit by my phone.
 Oh, dear, what's wrong?
 You just reminded me of something I forgot to do.
 Excuse me.
 Number three.
 L-3-0-3.
 L-3-0-3?
 Yes, please.
 Thank you.
 Mrs. Ulrich called me this morning to keep an eye out for Henry and I forgot completely about calling back.
 Hello?
 This is Mrs. King. Is Mrs. Ulrich there?
 No, this is Mary. Mother's going through the attic.
 Brain cleaning?
 No, she thought it might have gotten up there somehow, but I'm sure Henry took it.
 - You're Henry, Chuck.
 - Oh, well, it's about Henry, I'm calling.
 As near as I could figure out,
 he wanted me to tell your mother
 that he expected the school to run out of milk.
 - Mrs. King, you saw Henry?
 - Yes, he was buying here this morning.
 - Oh my goodness.
 Did he leave anything in your mail box that he shouldn't have?
 - It was Henry who left that?
 - You got it?
 You got it?
 - Yes, but this is King I beg of.
 You, I beg of you, please tear it up.
 - Hear it up.
 - Don't read it.
 - But I really can't see what--
 - I beg of you, and thank you.
 You don't know what a load this is of my mind.
 Goodbye!
 Yes, well, goodbye.
 What was that all about?
 I'm to tear up that travel ass!
 Really?
 I wonder if I'm to tear up the napkin in 10k too.
 Oh, the Big Red Letter stands for the General Family.
 Oh, the Big Red Letter stands for the General Family.
 That's Jello!
 Yum yum yum yum!
 Jello pudding!
 Yum yum yum!
 Jello tap!
 Be-o-ka pudding!
 Just-a-ree!
 Yes, Sari, and say, Mr. Seymour!
 Why, Jello!
 It's Mr. Dehaven, our esteemed Santaville drug is.
 Why, sure, and I thought you'd like to know about a new concoction
 we're serving at the lunch counter these days, it's making a big hit.
 Well, you know, Mr. Dehaven, my favorite dessert is...
 Oh, sure, I know!
 That's why I wanted to tell you about this new idea all the kids are crazy for.
 Jello?
 Well, you might call it jello and.
 Well, go on, jello and what?
 Jello and ice cream.
 Sure, you just fixed the jello as usual.
 See, in any of the red flavors.
 When it's slightly thickened, you fold in softened, vanilla ice
 cream, and chill and sherbet glasses.
 It looks so pretty and tastes so tasty.
 Why, even the ladies have been thanking me for the tip.
 And so do we, Mr. Dehaven.
 Jello's such a favorite.
 We're all glad to hear of delicious new ways to serve it.
 Now, those red flavors, as you call them,
 would be strawberry raspberry and cherry, of course.
 And there's also orange, lemon, and lime.
 There might be good too.
 You bet.
 So look for the big red letters on the box.
 They spell jello and jello spells a treat.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And now, getting back to the troubles of Henry Olridge,
 it is later the same morning in the scene opens
 in the corridor of Central High School.
 Miss Eddie, Miss Eddie, could I please speak to you,
 with Sarcum?
 And the I'm late for my next class.
 Good morning, Miss Eddie.
 Oh, good morning, Gloria.
 But, Miss Eddie, there's something very important I have to tell you.
 What is it?
 The truth.
 I beg your pardon?
 Yes, ma'am. I knew you'd be impressed.
 It's like I told Homer.
 Why?
 Miss Eddie may not give you that impression, but under everything that's on top,
 she's a person who appreciates the truth.
 And they just what am I being oiled in preparation for?
 For...
 Oh, nothing, Miss Eddie.
 I just want to explain about my composition I was supposed to turn into you today.
 You haven't done it.
 No.
 That is yes.
 I mean, you see, Homer and I were walking down a downtown yesterday and there was this sign
 in the window, "Boying" wanted.
 Your competition is about a trip downtown.
 No, it's about Washington.
 The one who's the father of our country?
 No, the one that's D.C.
 This place was having a sale on razor plates.
 What plate?
 We were delivering for.
 Only I think Homer started into one of the envelopes.
 Just a moment.
 Just a moment.
 Oh, you mean you understand, Miss Eddie?
 No, I do not.
 And I've taken about as many of your complicated explanations as I'm going to.
 But, Miss Eddie...
 Oh boy, is that Mr. Brabbe?
 It is. And suppose you make your explanations to him.
 And I'll expect an excuse from him or your composition.
 But, Miss Eddie...
 And I've been looking for you.
 Mr. Brabbe, would you be willing to listen to a very simple explanation of something very complicated that happened to me this morning?
 Not at this moment.
 Please take this.
 What's that?
 a quart of milk. Your mother dropped by with it a few minutes ago. Well, gee, it was. I hope this isn't a subtle form of criticism of the milk we serve in the school cafeteria.
 Well, gee, it was no. Oh, and about that explanation. Henry, please take the milk. The moisture's running off and taking this touch out of my cups.
 Oh, yes, sir. And what? Oh, and what a... What a principle is expected to do. Mr. Brab, and what?
 I expected to count erasers, settle differences between teachers, men, leaky pipes. Mr. Brab, and what a...
 Mr. Brad.
 He keeps pipes.
 Good heavens, I forgot all about the leak in the boy's locker room.
 Excuse me.
 But Mr. Brad?
 Later, Henry, I have to call the plumber.
 But look, I even have a circular to prove my story.
 One circular?
 This one, look.
 Oh, I see.
 Very well here.
 Oh, what's this?
 50 cents.
 You can get me four packages.
 Yeah.
 What?
 And in the future, Henry, please do your razor blade selling outside of school hours.
 Mr. Brad, wait.
 You're not giving me a chance to tell the truth.
 (jazz music)
 - I hope I'm not taking your way
 from anything Mrs. Zoldridge.
 - Oh no Mrs. Anderson, things have calmed down beautifully.
 - Oh that's fine.
 The reason I called,
 the reason I called.
 - Yeah?
 - Well, you see Henry left something
 in our mailbox this morning.
 - Yes I know.
 - You do?
 - Of course.
 Well, how do you feel about it?
 Oh, I approve completely.
 You do?
 You really approve of his leaving a thing like that in our mailbox?
 Why not, Mrs. Anderson?
 He left one in practically every mailbox in town.
 Why?
 Are you upset with Henry, Mrs. Anderson?
 I can't see it.
 The boys fall entirely.
 After all, as the Twig is bent, Mrs. Allrich, as the Twig is bent.
 [Music]
 Come right in, Mrs. Anderson.
 Oh, thank you, Mr. Bradley.
 Take a chair.
 Thank you.
 I hope you'll pardon my appearance, but we had some difficulty in the boy's locker room
 and I was giving the plumber a hand and, well, I'm afraid I got quite a dowsing from one of the joints.
 Well, I wouldn't intrude on your time like this, Mr. Bradley, but it is rather important.
 quite all right I'm always happy to see one of my mother's now what is our little problem
 well it is a little problem I trust well I just spoke to Mr Anderson on the phone and
 he agreed if the boy's family feels that way that is well could you look into Kathleen's
 marks and tell us if it would be all right if we were to send her to my sister and Chicago
 for a few weeks you want to take her out of school yes come in Mr Bradley I ran all the
 way downtown during study hall see but all they'd give me was two packages packages of what?
 razor blades that's their rule just two to a customer on the special so here's your change
 and now about my country I'll interrupt you get talk I was having with Mrs. Anderson
 oh gee whiz how well Mrs. Anderson how do you do I was by your house this morning I know
 you got that thing I left there we certainly did pretty good huh
 (audience laughing)
 I've seen better.
 And here, you may have a bath.
 I'm below the hall.
 - What?
 - You mean this is my--
 - And if you're going to leave personal things
 in our mailbox, might I suggest you address it
 to the person to whom it's intended?
 - Oh boy, Mrs. Anderson, you don't know how I've been
 trying to put my hands on this.
 - Mr. Bradley, please excuse my bawaging right in,
 but this is a matter that simply can't be overlooked.
 - Miss Eddie, I have a visitor.
 - Yes, and I apologize, but Mr. Bradley,
 My radiator is knocking against it.
 Eddie, I can't discuss it now.
 But Mr. Bradley...
 You just go back to your class, Miss Eddie,
 and I'll get to your knocking as soon as I can.
 Okay.
 Oh, uh, Miss Mercedes, I've got good news for you.
 Mrs. Anderson, just located my composition.
 Composition? You were all fat in the composition.
 Oh, sure.
 But let me have it, Henry.
 And don't be late for class.
 We're going to read these aloud in alphabetical order.
 [audience laughter]
 Yes, Miss Eddie.
 That's going to be red in class?
 Sure, Mrs. Anderson.
 Well, I don't like to boost my own talents, but I think the class will say that's one of the most interesting compositions they've ever heard.
 [Laughing]
 [Music]
 Would you like another cold compress for your head, Mary?
 Come on, first. Mother, the only thing I want from my head is a shotgun.
 Now, Mary, you're taking this whole thing much too seriously.
 Too seriously when every person in town knows my entire private life?
 Mary.
 Mother, if that's a certain person, tell him that as far as I'm concerned, he and I are no longer in the same family.
 Mary, really.
 Oh, that's so came, Mother. Mary has every right to feel the way she does.
 Boy, if I had a letter of mine that read in the book.
 [indistinct chatter]
 Henry, and I just want you to know, Mary,
 I made a mental note of every kid in that class laughed.
 And it'll be all on day before I'll even give them a short hello.
 Oh!
 Henry, I think you better leave Mary alone.
 Yes, Mother.
 Mary.
 No, what?
 Well, if it'll make you feel any better, I got an "A" for your letter.
 For sincerity and atmosphere.
 I'll get the phone.
 Don't come in here, Homer. Mary's not in the mood for a human company.
 I don't think.
 Listen, Henry, don't get mad. I mean, you know how these things happen.
 What thing?
 Well, I've got kind of bad news for you.
 You know that $2 we were paid for delivering the circulars?
 You lost it?
 No.
 It just disappeared.
 Homer.
 I'll be done if I know where it went or if.
 Sure I had it this morning.
 Homer, you mean I went through all that I did today and I'm not getting any money besides?
 Well, my goodness. Some people are so lucky.
 That was Mrs. Scott on the phone.
 Mrs. Scott?
 Yes, she got a paper napkin in the mail this morning and she unfolded it a while ago and there were two dollar bills in it.
 What?
 What?
 And she doesn't even know what she did to win.
 Homer, come on.
 Henry, where are you going?
 Just one certain place, mother, and just
 go through one last simple explanation.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hi, kids.
 I'm Henry and Dolly.
 I got your invitation and the answer is yours.
 Why?
 For Agnes, invitation, what are you talking about?
 For the letter left at my door this morning asking me to the school dance.
 Find Henry Aldrich by!
 Now listen, Henry!
 Now listen yourself, Homer.
 Right now, Mary won't even speak to me.
 We're out the two bucks we made this morning and now...
 And just what else did you stop in those envelopes this morning, Homer?
 Yes, things can get complicated like that.
 But haven't you noticed this, ladies?
 No matter how many things there are to do around the house if they never gets too complicated,
 to turn out one of those easy to fix jello desserts.
 Yes, jello and those six delicious flavors, strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon and lime.
 All six are rich with that wonderful locked in goodness.
 Flavors attempting and fruit-like, it reminds you of the orchard and the berry patch.
 No wonder jello is America's favorite gelatin dessert.
 So look for the big red letters on the box.
 They spell Jell-O and Jell-O spells a treat.
 That name Jell-O is the registered trademark of General Foods.
 The Oldridge family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie
 Kelka's Homer is written by Norman Tokar and Ed Juris
 with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldridge are House Jamison and Catherine Roth.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying,
 "The Oldridge family is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Oh, the big red letters stand for the Jell-O family.
 Oh, the big red letters stand for the yellow family
 Thanks, yellow, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum
 Yellow has the octopodding
 Yes, sorry!
 [Music]
 (dramatic music)
 [ Silence ]
