 [Music]
 Postum presents...
 Henry!
 Henry Oldridge!
 Coming Mother!
 [Applause]
 Postum presents the Oldridge family written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 The family brought to you by Postam, attempting wholesome drink for all the family.
 Postam.
 [Music]
 You know friends, one of the things that makes music so enjoyable and relaxing
 is the perfect harmony of every section of the orchestra with every other section.
 But suppose that just the opposite were true.
 Suppose the brasses played in one key in tempo,
 the strings in another, and so on.
 (dramatic music)
 Well, that would make for anything but harmony, wouldn't it?
 Well, it's much the same idea when your nerves are out of tune.
 Your whole life is out of harmony.
 You ring a definitely discordant note among your friends.
 So why not just ask yourself next time you're edgy and jumpy
 if maybe coffee is to blame. It might very well be, you know, for even though many people
 can drink coffee without getting nervous, many others cannot. If you think you're one
 of those others, switch to post-em by all means. Post-em contains no caffeine or other
 stimulant, nothing that can set your nerves on edge. And as a mealtime drink, post-em is
 out and out delicious. So start drinking post-em regularly instead of coffee, and then see if
 If you don't soon fiend, feel completely in tune again, thanks to your switch to hearty,
 delightful post-em.
 Give a teenage boy a problem to solve, and you start what always turns out to be a wrestling
 match with the boy and the problem alternately throwing each other. Henry
 Aldrich however usually ends up victorious but gasping. The scene opens at
 the Aldrich breakfast table.
 Could I have the cream please father?
 Here you are Henry.
 Thank you. Boy. Here it isn't necessary to eat your breakfast as though you were
 going to some kind of a race. But mother I'm in a hurry. I've got a very full
 day. Boy. Henry can't you slow down just a little?
 Alice, I don't like to undermine your discipline, but I happen to know Henry does have a very full day.
 Boy, I'll say.
 He's got to empty the ashes in the cellar. He's got to pick up the backyard.
 Father, that is the kind of full day I was thinking of.
 I've got this list.
 See? What list, Henry?
 She was look at it. Just look at it.
 One grandfather's plot, one fur coat, man's, one dining room table with chairs, one rose bush.
 Now, wait a minute. What is that you're reading?
 My list. My list.
 One pound of butter with muffins, one fireplace, an egg beer, and a cigar.
 What's that, Henry?
 A cigar mother for Homer.
 What's that?
 Homer smoking cigars?
 No, father.
 He doesn't smoke it.
 He just charges the ramen his pocket
 because he's got a lot of money.
 Henry, may I ask what this is all about?
 Did I tell your mother?
 It's for the school play.
 And I've got to get all that list by tomorrow night.
 How about the ashes?
 The ashes, father?
 We don't need any ashes.
 Henry, do you mind not asking why?
 If the play is going to be put on tomorrow night,
 you hadn't started to get any of these things before now
 because they didn't tell me until yesterday
 that I was to be plot man. Jimmy Bartlett was before that and they fired him.
 They fired him? Sure. He wasn't good at getting anything at all, so I, so I gave him the lead.
 Henry!
 What, Mary?
 Now I asked what Mother's egg beater is doing in your lunchbox.
 That's that, Mary?
 Oh, and now, the minute, Mother. I was going to tell you about that egg beer.
 Only Mary brought it up too soon.
 Hi, kids. Henry, why are you taking my egg beater?
 It's for Kathleen. She makes an entrance. She's from the kitchen, and it shows that's where she came from.
 Much, sir?
 Kathleen, Father. Her mother's dead.
 Kathleen's mother sure in the play and she's keeping house for her father Homer
 She's homers unspoiled daughter
 Kathleen
 Kathleen Anderson is Homer Brown's daughter. What's the wrong with that Mary?
 She's only a couple of months older than he is and as a matter of fact as a man he says Homer looks more like an old man than anyone in the school
 Henry if I let you take our egg beater. Will you see that it gets back to me? Oh sure mother?
 Yeah, I hope you don't think I'd go and leave a perfectly good thing like an egg beater over to school do you well
 Then I'll put it back in your spot. Thank you and Mary the next time you go searching through my lunchbox
 Please ask for permission and then what are you doing under the table?
 I'm just looking at the legs father. I'm just saying it though come off
 I take it over and you take it over when you take what over where the dining room table for the play
 Henry you are not under any circumstance is going to take this table. I can't have it
 But gee, was what's home we're going to eat off of?
 May I ask what we're going to eat off of?
 Couldn't we be the kitchen father? It's only for three days.
 Henry, do you remember last year when we loaned our sofa for the school play?
 Yes, father, but that wasn't my fault it fell off the back of the car.
 That isn't the point. This dining room table has been in this house for twenty years.
 If there were those in your school who have never seen a dining room table before,
 you may bring them over one at a time and let them take a look at it.
 But that's as far as I'm willing to go.
 Okay, then how about how about a fur coat?
 Can I borrow one of those a fur coat?
 It has to be a man's fur coat. It's for Homer. He's very wealthy seeing the fur has to be on the inside
 Yes, well, you've come to the wrong man for a thing like that
 It doesn't matter. In fact, I'd like to get a pair of her gloves for him too, and maybe your fur hat
 Exactly where is the scene laid in his dining room? Oh
 Homer comes into his dining room wearing a fur coat a fur hat and fur gloves and sits down to dinner
 Sure, I see he can't get in the cold. He can't do you think all to get some or what?
 Hi, Henry already for school. I'll be right in one second Homer. Good morning Homer
 What's that you have in your mouth a piece of bubble gum Alice? What was that? That was me mr.
 All rich good morning
 Homer I wouldn't snap my gum in here if I were you oh sure excuse me come on home while I get my things on okay
 Don't run, dear. I'm not running.
 Listen, Henry, I had an idea last night.
 You know that place in the play where I take a thousand dollars out of my pocket and give it to Jimmy Bartlett?
 Yeah? Well, gee, I wouldn't have a whole thousand just losing my pocket, would I?
 Why not? I'd be afraid to carry it around, Henry.
 Why don't they have a cash register that I take it out of?
 A cash register? Right in your dining room?
 Why can't I afford one I'm rich?
 I know, but rich people have things like saves.
 A safe? Well, I'd settle for a safe.
 safe. As a matter of fact, that's a very good idea. Sure, Homer. Henry, you forgot
 something in here. Oh, gee whiz. I know what it is. It's my darn list. And that
 Henry is one reason why I don't want you to borrow this dining room table. Father,
 I agree with you. I agree with you entirely. I've driven the dining room
 table right out of my head. Good. Now, if you could only get me a safe, I'd be
 perfectly happy. A what, dear? A safe mother. There's a very important place
 where Homer has to have, has to have. Henry, do you realize how much a safe
 ways. Well I don't mean a big safe father like in a bank. I mean something about
 about. Yeah well you can just drive the safe out of your head doom. You mean I
 can't have one? Hey Henry we're gonna be late. I'm coming Homer and as a matter of
 fact I'm sort of sorry ever took this darn job. Goodbye Henry. Goodbye. Henry goodbye.
 I guess he didn't hear you dear. Sam. Well. Do you don't you think we ought to
 contribute a little something more than just an egg beater to this play.
 You mean you want to let Henry have this table?
 Now dear, I didn't say this table. But don't you think you could at least find him a safe?
 Alice, are you? Are you?
 Sam, this is the first time I've ever seen Henry get so wrapped up in anything.
 Why, dear, it's the most important thing that has ever happened to him.
 But where am I going to get a safe?
 You've a lot of influence, Sam. And if you explain it for a high school play,
 my goodness, I should think there'd be lots of people who could fare us safe for three nights.
 (Music)
 Hello, Santa Villa Press Office. Yes? Have we got a what? Sure we got a safe.
 Who's this being? Oh yes, Mr. Albridge. Now could you tell me again what it is you want?
 to play with? Oh, you're in a play. Oh, I got you. Well, we got one here. Yes. We're
 three and a half tons. What's that?
 [MUSIC]
 Hello, Harriet. Can you hear me?
 Yes, Alice. What we need is a nice warm, heavy coat that's lined with fur.
 It's for a rather wealthy man that's a widower.
 How about my Persian lamb?
 If you're a Persian lamb, Harriet, it has to be a man's coat.
 Alice, where would I ever get a man's coat, especially a furline man?
 Well, I just thought you might possibly know of someone that has one.
 Just a minute, Harriet. Henry, are you home from school already?
 Yes, Mother. Where's Mary? I think I've got a little job for her.
 Dear, I'm talking with your aunt Harriet about a fur coat for you. You are old boy.
 Alice, I have another idea.
 Really?
 Often one of my colleges is a leather windbreaker.
 It's mine, but it's tough like a man's and it's lined with rabbit.
 With rabbit?
 It's hip blank, Dallas.
 Just a minute, Harriet.
 Henry would wrap it down to the hips, be alright.
 Just to the hips, mother.
 And have Homer's late show.
 [Music]
 Hello, Santa Feel Colin Fiend!
 Oh, hello, my dear Aldrich!
 What's that, a saint?
 Mr. Aldrich, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I didn't hear you.
 Did you say you were looking for a saint?
 For your son?
 Oh, oh now I understand you. Oh yes indeed we have a very small safe. It's only about
 18 years high. Far away? You mean take it away? But Mr. Orridge it's cemented right into the wall.
 [Music]
 Mary!
 Mary!
 Henry, what are you dragging that dead bush into the house for?
 Well, that's just what I started to tell you.
 You know that hat you have, Mary, with the roses on it?
 Yes.
 Well, look, I'm not asking to let me do it myself because I might damage it, but I'm
 perfectly willing to let you do it.
 And I'll even give you a line of credit on the program.
 If I do what?
 Haven't I made it clear?
 All you have to do is very carefully take the roses off your hat and sort of tie them
 on this boy.
 Why, Henry, all the joy won't do any such thing.
 Which part is it you object to do you think I'd feel when the curtain goes up and there's my hat spread all over a bush Henry
 You want it on the telephone? I am mother. Oh boy is this a day? I bet that's about the oysters
 The what the oysters I've been having some trouble digging up some oysters for the second act. Hello. Hello. Is this a senator?
 Don't fish market. What's that? Is this Henry? Oh, she was is that you Kathleen?
 I told my mother about our dining room table and she wants to ask you a couple questions. Sure, Kathleen
 I'd be glad to answer anything.
 Hello Henry.
 Oh, hello Mrs. Anderson.
 Now tell me dear, just how did you plan to use our table?
 Well, look Mrs. Anderson, this phone that's going to eat off it, his father helped settle the West.
 See? The West.
 The West. The West.
 Yeah?
 And his portrait hangs right over Homer's sideboard.
 I got the sideboard all right from Mrs. Lawson and...
 Oh boy, it completely slipped my list.
 What's the matter Henry?
 Do you have a mirror with Cupids?
 What's that?
 A mirror with Cupids aren't the hangover a mantle.
 No, no I don't, Henry.
 Wouldn't just a plain mirror do.
 Oh no, Jimmy Bartlett has to stand in front of it and kiss Kathleen.
 Kathleen?
 Every boss that kisses Kathleen?
 Yes ma'am.
 Frankly I'm not any too much in favor of that part myself.
 But a play calls for a mirror with Cupids to be kissed under.
 And what can I do? My hands are tied.
 Henry, I just happened to remember.
 Would a mirror with a deer head help?
 With a wad?
 We have one with a heel, deer headcogs at the top, but no cupids. She the only thing is, "Tell me frankly, Mrs. Anderson. When you stand off at a distance, could you mistake the deer for a cupid?"
 What's that? It has horns, Peasant. Yes. Well, don't the horns spread out a little like wings?
 [Music]
 Sam!
 Yeah? Well, hello there Alice.
 Sam, I'm sorry to bother you down here at the office, but I simply got to have your help.
 That's alright, I'm glad you dropped in.
 Alice, I think I have an idea that's going to solve the whole business.
 Well, what is it, dear?
 I rent a safe that has to be hauled all the way up to the high school auditorium
 when they have steel lockers right in their own gymnasium.
 Steel lockers.
 All they have to do is move one of them on stage and have somebody in the art department
 paint a combination dial on it.
 Now Sam, a gymnasium locker.
 Why when the students see it they'll simply howl?
 But Alice, you realize I haven't touched one bit of work all day.
 The only thing I've done is call people about sapes.
 Dear, that isn't any more than Henry's done.
 And Sam, where am I going to find a gold-plated chandelier with old-fashioned gas lights on
 it?
 Here we must know someone in this town who owns a thing like that.
 Alice, I'll do what I can to find a safe, but I put my foot down on a go-fated gas-like chandelier.
 Now listen, Henry, for the last time and listen to eat them.
 Homer, don't you realize that this is for the junior class play?
 What if it is?
 I'm not asking to eat the oysters for me.
 I'm asking you to eat them for the junior class and I'm still not gonna eat them.
 If I knew the thing like this was gonna happen in a fruit a couple of courses and popped into the sophomore class.
 Homer, you don't have to eat the whole dozen oysters. Not even a half a dozen oysters. You just nibble at two or three.
 You're rich, you can afford to throw some away.
 Well, nobody will ever know I'm rich. Not if they see the dining room table you got me.
 Homer, nobody's going to see it's made of saw horses. I got a tablecloth purposely that comes right down to the floor.
 sure sure and it looks like a bed now tell you one more thing in the I'm not
 going to wear a Prussian land it isn't pushing land or red Persian land and
 that's a beautiful coat my aunt hurt paid a lot of money for what's the
 difference I come under the stage wearing a woman's Persian land coat and a
 muff for a half
 it's just out of the sawhorse and start to eat oysters that I can't stand what kind
 of a millionaire do you think I am all right Homer all right I know what I'm
 gonna do I'm gonna sit down right a lot of resignation to the junior class and
 you're gonna quit before you even get me some catch-up for my oysters or a save
 for me to keep my thousand dollars in all right Homer so far as I'm concerned
 you can keep your money in your pocket I got it all fixed for you what's that
 Mary is that a rose bush of course it is now listen Mary those are nothing but
 ordinary sweet peas sure they are sure they are
 I'm gonna notice from the last row from the last row who's gonna sit there I am
 Oh, I can say it, Marie. That's the last row. That's the last row.
 So, Henry, I'm not going to tear apart my very best hat with roses on it.
 Would you be any more pleased if I got out that old hat with cherries on it?
 Cherries. Are they canned? What's that? I like canned cherries.
 Homer, will you please tell me what place there is in the play where you eat cherries?
 I could eat them instead of oysters.
 Off my hat? What's that? You've got a hat with oysters on this?
 Well, so far, guys, I'm concerned. I'm not even interested.
 I hope nobody thinks I'm interested.
 I'm going to resign.
 Well, isn't anybody going to answer the phone?
 Why should I answer the phone?
 As far as I'm concerned, a junior class can...
 Well, gee, what kind of a house is this?
 Hello?
 Is this Mr. Olrich's residence?
 Yes, sir, Mr. Olrich is in here right now.
 Well, about that safety inquired about just what kind is it he wants.
 That's safe?
 Wait, just a nice, good size.
 Well, you know, what kind of you got?
 You want a single or a double door?
 She wish you got one with a double door?
 That would be good.
 How big is it?
 And so big, five feet high, maybe?
 Gee, that's saying swell.
 It's got to be hauled up there, you know?
 Sure, but we've got to have it.
 It's for a very rich man.
 Yeah, well, then I guess he won't mind the carnage, will he?
 Oh, no.
 She wish he's got $1,000 in this pocket.
 He's got to do something with it.
 OK, I'll get a crew on it right away.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 Sam, I think the least you can do is go up to the high school and see that play tonight.
 Alice, do you realize in six weeks my income tax will be due?
 And this is one of the few evenings I'm going to have free to get it straightened out.
 Just the same year it seems to be needed when your own son is practically putting on a play single-handed.
 Alice, where's the inkwell that's supposed to be on this desk?
 The inkwell, Henry took it over to the auditorium home I had to find a check.
 Well that's a fine thing.
 Just when I...
 Mother?
 Oh, Mary, did you get the rose bush finish before Henry left?
 Yes, Mother.
 I made a lot of little rose buds and tied them on with pitcher wire.
 Really?
 You took them off your hair?
 Oh, no, Mother.
 I just wired on radishes.
 They look beautiful.
 Alice, did you notice what I did with my income tax papers?
 Your tax papers?
 Where'd you put them?
 I thought I put them out here on this desk.
 At least I started you.
 Did you take them out of your briefcase, Father?
 No, as a matter of fact, I didn't.
 Oh, my goodness. Sam Henry took your briefcase.
 He took it. My briefcase.
 Dear, you told him the other day he could borrow it.
 Don't you remember? There's a place in the play where Homer has to take a will out and read it.
 And he's gonna read my income tax right after the audio?
 Well, Sam, if you hurry, you may be able to catch him over to Anderson.
 He's gonna stop there and pick up a mirror with a deer.
 Oh, what? What? Alice, you phone the Anderson.
 And if Henry's there, tell him to hold him. I'll be right over.
 [barking]
 [music playing]
 Or can't you just see Mr. Aldrich taking it literally on the run to recover those income
 tax papers?
 What I'd like to see though is some of you making fast tracks to your groceries tomorrow
 morning for a post-em.
 Because that grand mealtime drink is really something special, the aroma alone would make
 that evident, it's such a grand aroma. It says so plainly, "Come and get a swell drink,
 folks." And when you taste post-em, you find it actually exceeds your expectations and delicious
 goodness. It's not only lusty and rich and full-bodied, but definitely distinctive as
 well. That means you mustn't expect post-em to taste like coffee, any more than you'd expect
 coffee to taste like tea. Post-em is an entirely different drink that will quickly have all
 those numerous taste buds of yours fairly jumping with delight. So if you're not already
 acquainted, get acquainted with Postam.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich. Mr. Aldrich has just discovered that
 Henry, without realizing it, has taken his briefcase containing income tax papers for
 The Homer deals in the school play.
 As the scene opens, Mr. Alrich is ringing the Anderson front doorbell.
 Hello there, Mr. Alrich.
 Good evening, Mr. Anderson.
 Is Henry here?
 I want to speak to him.
 No, I'm awfully sorry.
 Henry left here nearly ten minutes ago.
 He picked up a mirror and he was going over to pick up something at the Lawson.
 At the Lawson's?
 Thank you very much.
 Is there anything I can do for you?
 No thanks.
 - Who was it, Mother? - Just Mr. Albridge, dear.
 - Really? What was it he wanted? - He didn't say.
 Everything he's trying to catch up with Henry so he can help him carry some of those things.
 - Shall I tell Father we're almost ready to start?
 The play begins at 8.30, and I have to be there early.
 I'm sorry, Kathleen, but your father isn't going to the play.
 - He isn't? - In fact, your father isn't even speaking to me, dear.
 - Why not? - He must know the truth, Kathleen.
 He presents. I was giving up his deer head.
 - His why? - That's near what Henry took with the deer head on us.
 on it. Oh that awful thing he gave you on your 10th anniversary.
 Mrs. Anderson, something are here.
 Yes, honey, what's the matter?
 I need a briefcase here.
 Briefcase? Oh my goodness.
 Oh here it is, right at the hall table, Henry.
 She was out of close shape.
 I was just leaving the lawsuit when I discovered I had lost it.
 Oh, thank you very much, Mrs. Anderson.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Ladies and gentlemen.
 [Applause]
 Ladies and gentlemen, we regret very much that there will be a slight delay in starting the play tonight.
 But through the fact that a safe has gotten stuck between the second and third four windows, there will be a slight delay.
 And I've been asked to assure you by Ms. Eggleston, our faculty advisor, that we'll begin as soon as the men have figured out what the matter is. Thank you.
 [Applause]
 I saw the whole thing.
 Homer, will you please step back and let me get into the wings here.
 I saw the whole thing in you way. You way. You saw what a whole thing.
 What you had printed on the program. Look right here.
 The oysters that are eaten by Homer Brown and that too are by courtesy of the Cinnaville Fish Market.
 Homer, we had to give them some credit, didn't we?
 Well Cinnaville Fish Market and no Cinnaville Fish Market. I'm not gonna eat them.
 Homer, will you please stand back? Your audience can see your costume.
 And that's another thing. The Star and Buffalo Road.
 I'm fine, Buffalo, old robe, that you found your attic.
 You're going to wear your father's wink coat over it, aren't you?
 That Buffalo just looks like a very good one.
 Can I suppose you think I didn't notice the roses?
 Radishes.
 Here I am, a millionaire and I'm ashamed to walk into my own dining room.
 Okay, I'm all okay.
 Then you go ahead and run the show yourself from here off.
 You mean you're gonna resign again?
 I might.
 I might.
 I might very easily resign.
 But Henry...
 Oh my, what's the matter with Henry?
 Kathleen, I was just standing here talking to him about...
 about he's so darn sensitive.
 And listen Kathleen, is my mustache on straight?
 - It's on straight, but couldn't have gotten
 a better one, Homer.
 - What's the matter with it?
 I paid a dime for it.
 - My goodness, they had the knife ones for 15 cents.
 - 15 cents, do you think I'm a millionaire?
 What's that you've got in your hand?
 - My egg beater.
 - Oh boy, where's my briefcase?
 Where's my briefcase?
 Oh, here it is.
 - You have to use that?
 - Sure, don't you know where I take my will out
 and stand there looking at it for a minute
 Then get mad and tear it up.
 Oh yeah.
 And that reminds me, where's my will?
 Where's my will?
 Is there anything in the briefcase?
 Oh sure, here's some papers.
 Well, I've got to give Henry credit for that.
 Remember to get one thing right for me.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello?
 Hello, is this Harriet Breyer?
 Yeah.
 Harriet, this is Sam Olrich. Is Henry there?
 Henry? Oh, why what here happened an hour ago?
 He barred 12 oyster forks.
 Where was he going from there to the school?
 No, to the center-built fish market and then to the school.
 That's all I wanted to know. Goodbye.
 How's it going, Henry? How's it going?
 You were fine tackling, but boy, Homer. Homer.
 But the audience is liking.
 That isn't Homer's fault though.
 He's forgotten his lines four times.
 And when he took his coat off, he forgot the buffalo robe
 and it stayed pin around his neck.
 My goodness, look at him out there.
 He looks like a bear.
 Henry. Henry.
 She was father. Are you allowed to come backstage?
 It was my briefcase.
 I haven't forgotten it, father. And boy,
 if you notice while I miss Homer's making up things,
 he keeps calling it a ratty, boy.
 Henry, where is the briefcase?
 We've got it, father.
 There's nothing to worry about and you know what Homer did with the oysters instead of eating them
 He slipped them in his pocket
 And Ray where's the briefcase right out there on the stage Homer's got it with my income tax papers
 Oh, gee whiz is that your income?
 Pass he's reading Henry when does he bring them off bring them off?
 He doesn't he tears them up throws them in the fireplace and we walk out there on the stage and get those papers
 Why oh no, Bob in front of all those people and we for the last time I have to have those papers
 Well, look, Father, I'll thread a whistle to him.
 - The ring part is a thing.
 - Oh, gee, I'm so excited I can't even whistle.
 - Look out.
 - Father, where are you going?
 - The idea's time going, I'm gonna get them.
 - And now I am going to destroy this will
 and cut my daughter off for life.
 - Oh, my God.
 - She was Mr. Oldman.
 (audience laughs)
 - Oh, but give me no paper.
 - Show me, I've got a tear then there my will.
 (audience laughs)
 - Give him some--
 - But Mr. Oldman, this is my big queen.
 - Let's go on this.
 I think it's wrong, it's wait a minute.
 I think we're there for the giant DM era.
 Will you have some bacon Sam?
 No thank you.
 You certainly haven't eaten much breakfast do you?
 I've eaten all the breakfast I care to, thank you.
 Now Sam, you can't go through life being upset over a little thing like last night.
 I am not upset.
 I'm just wondering how it would be if I gave up my practice here in town and opened an office in Abbott City.
 Now Sam, I'm sure nobody even noticed you.
 No!
 Yes, Mary?
 Mother, I've been thinking.
 And don't you suppose we could move to Abbott City or someplace where people don't know Father?
 Mary!
 You go out in the kitchen and make me some more toast.
 Oh, excuse me.
 Yes, it's good.
 Father Henry, I don't think your father wants to talk to you right now.
 Mother, the man at Hall of the Safer Father just called and said that due to the fact it
 was easier to get it down and up, the return trip will only be $22.
 What's that?
 I'll answer the phone.
 Sam, here's a review.
 A review?
 Of the play in the morning paper.
 Listen, one of the most hilarious evenings this town has ever enjoyed took place in the
 Centerville High School Auditorium last evening.
 The highlight was the guest performance of Samuel Olrich's prominent local attorney,
 who made his entrance in what was erroneously listed on the program as a wealthy gentleman's
 signing room.
 The scene was actually on the western plains, and when Mr. Olrich caught the buffalo single-handed,
 wrestled with it and threw it into the cave with the double doors the audience went wild.
 Watch that. Now wait a minute.
 Remember friends, Postam comes in two forms.
 For those of you who like your drink made instantly, there's instant Postam,
 which you make right in your cup by just adding boiling water.
 And for those who like to use pot percolator or drip maker,
 there's post-em.
 Both forms have the same enticing post-em flavor.
 So no matter which you choose, you'll enjoy one of America's
 great mealtime drinks.
 Post-em.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Homer, do you think this letter is clear enough?
 What letter, Henry?
 What letter?
 I'm sending a copy to each one of the seven people that loaned us one other table leave.
 Oh.
 It says, "Dear Mrs. So-and-so, this is to thank you for loaning us your leaf.
 But due to a slight mix-up, will you please have your husband come to the school auditorium
 Monday morning with either a leaf that matches or some part of your dining room table so that
 we can eliminate this little confusion?"
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station for another sparkling half-hour with your favorite youngster, his family and his pals.
 The Aldrich family is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 The original musical score is conducted by Jack Miller.
 And this is Dan Seymour saying, "Your host tonight is Postam."
 And Postam is one of America's great mealtime drinks.
 It's good drinking. Good night.
 [Music]
 (loud thud)
