 [Music]
 Jello Pudding's present.
 Henry! Henry O'Brien!
 Coming, Mother.
 [Applause]
 The O'Brien family, based on character originated by Clifford Goldsmith,
 and starring as the stone that's Henry with Jackie Calcuss-Homer,
 Brought to you by Jello Pudding.
 Just a taste of Jello Pudding's and believe me you will know
 They are made by famous J-E-L-L-4
 Yes, Jello Pudding's those old time, all time favorites you've always known and loved.
 All three so rich and distinctive, so creamy smooth with an old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 There's Jello chocolate pudding rich, dark and luscious.
 There's buttery brown sugar butterscotch and creamy rich vanilla, a trio of treats.
 They're made with milk and nourishing.
 They cook to perfection in just about five minutes.
 And all three jello puddings are so gloriously good,
 you'll say you never tasted anything better.
 And now for the Aldrich family.
 There's something about a teenage boy that makes all of us laugh
 And remember and live again the days of our yours.
 And if he's a typical teenager like Henry Aldrich,
 it's always a pleasure to join him in the joys and misadventures
 that were ours when we were young.
 It's evening. The scene is the Aldrich living room.
 Father me, I just point out one thing.
 What? It's only 750.
 And do you realize how much a new suit of clothes would cause?
 You want a new suit of clothes?
 No, sir. I'd rather have a school ring.
 Henry, for the last time, I'm not buying you a school ring.
 I'd like to read my paper.
 But father, everybody in school is getting one.
 All the kids I know just went home and asked for money, and their father said, "Sure,
 Gee whiz, you're welcome to it," and just walked over.
 I see.
 But I appreciate you being economical, father.
 Gee, if you didn't pinch pennies around here, you wouldn't have any bank account at all.
 Well, I'm glad you realized that.
 You've built up quite a nice bank account that way, haven't you, father?
 I have.
 So you really wouldn't miss 750, would you?
 Henry, if you think I'm going to hand over 750 for a ring that you wind up giving to some girl.
 Father, whatever gave you an idea like that.
 See, the rings are solid gold with our school crest on them, and two colors.
 Why would I give a thing like that to a girl?
 I don't know, son, but we all do.
 You mean you once gave a ring to a girl?
 Henry, I'm trying to read my paper.
 Ah, but Father, I haven't told you why I really need it.
 You haven't?
 You see, the teachers all feel that we need something to keep up our morale.
 Just imagine you're sitting in history class and your board's stiff.
 And you just happen to glance down at your ring.
 And it's got your good old school crest on it.
 And boy, you want to stand up and cheer.
 That's very interesting, go on.
 And then you think of how much central high means to you.
 And it all comes back that you're there to get an education.
 Yes.
 So you pile into your history like a ton of bricks and you wind up first in your class.
 Everybody winds up first?
 No sir, just me.
 Oh.
 So can I please have a school ring?
 No.
 Father, have you thought of this?
 Henry, have you thought of this?
 If I bought you that ring, you wouldn't have it a week before it would be lost.
 Lost father? Lost?
 How could I lose it when it's on my finger?
 What about that fountain pen I bought you last month?
 You wanted to know how you could lose that when it was clipped to your jacket?
 Well, I didn't lose that pen, Father.
 No.
 I just lost the jacket.
 I see.
 And I couldn't very well lose my finger.
 Henry, I'm not going to argue. The point is, until your memory improves, I'm not buying you another thing.
 Oh, my memory, Father. Is that all that's worrying you?
 Is that all? Henry, do you realize how important memory is?
 Sure, Father. And from now on, you're going to see a big change in me.
 Good.
 Boy, I'm going to remember every single thing I can lay my mind on.
 For instance, do you know what year the Battle of Waterloo was for?
 What year?
 I'll go and look it up.
 [audience laughter]
 You wait there, Father.
 Henry, look at how...
 Gee, I'm sorry, Mother.
 Did I knock you over?
 Not quite.
 My goodness, Sam.
 What are you so excited about?
 Alice, I'm supposed to be a good lawyer, but I'd hate to come up against Henry and
 Court.
 He does have a way with him, doesn't he?
 He does indeed.
 It's about that school ring.
 Sam, why don't you get it for him?
 I am going to get it for him for a Christmas present.
 Oh, but I'm not sure I'll be able to hold up that long.
 (upbeat music)
 - May I have the toast please, mother?
 - Yes, dear.
 - Some more coffee, Sam?
 - That's half a cup, please.
 Why isn't Henry down for breakfast?
 - You'd be right down.
 My isn't this a lovely morning.
 - Mother, is there anything we can do
 about Henry this evening?
 - How do you mean, dear?
 - Well, with Joe Graham coming and everything,
 I don't want Henry coaxing for that ring all through dinner.
 I think we haven't got a cent.
 Well, if Joe's interested only in your money,
 you might as well find it out right now.
 Oh, Father, anyway, Mary, about that ring.
 Your father's decided--
 Alice!
 What do you--
 Mary, will you, uh, please run out to the kitchen
 and fry me another egg?
 All right, Father.
 Sam, what's the matter?
 I don't want Mary to know.
 I'm getting Henry that ring.
 She's sure to let the cat out of the bag.
 Oh, yes, dear.
 Perhaps you're right.
 My-- I can't wait to see Henry's face on Christmas morning.
 The only thing is--
 Have you any idea how we can get his finger signed?
 Sam, I thought you were going to measure his finger last night when he was asleep.
 I did, but something went wrong.
 What happened here?
 Well, I got the string nicely knotted around his finger,
 and just as I went to cut it, he rolled over.
 On the scissors?
 No, Alice, on the string.
 His hand disappeared under his chest someplace,
 and every time I tried to get it, he just giggled.
 Sam.
 Here he comes.
 Alice, this was a grand breakfast.
 Good morning, Mom.
 Good morning, dear.
 Good morning, Father.
 Good morning, Henry.
 Well, goodbye.
 Henry, what do you mean goodbye?
 What about your breakfast?
 I don't feel like any breakfast mother.
 - Edward, don't be silly.
 - I could need a bit, father.
 I honest, I'm too.
 I'm not hungry.
 - Hey Henry.
 - I'm coming Homer.
 - Henry, you can't go to school without eating.
 - I'll eat an apple on the way.
 - Why Henry, you don't eat an apple right in front of me?
 - Come on.
 Boy, am I worried.
 - Well, don't worry about it.
 If you haven't got two apples,
 see y'all understand.
 Homer, do you remember me saying anything about something my father asked me to do?
 Why?
 You see the string tied on my finger?
 Well, I woke up this morning and there it was and I can't remember what I tied it on there for.
 So that's easy, Henry. You wish to remind you to do something?
 Sure it was.
 But I can't remember why.
 I can't even remember tying it on.
 Henry, you're in bad shape.
 I'll say.
 And right on top of my father lecturing me about my memory.
 Was it something I had to do for somebody else?
 Yeah.
 Must have been something for my father.
 He's the only one I was talking to last night.
 Hernson trade.
 Henry, Hernson trade.
 I'll say.
 Gee whiz, if I can't remember what it is,
 my father will never buy me that ring.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Henry, didn't your father say anything at dinner
 about you not doing it?
 No Homer, that's the awful part of it. He just looked at me.
 He did.
 Well that's terrible.
 All through dinner tonight, when he wasn't talking to Joe Graham,
 he just kept staring at me.
 At my hands.
 Your hands?
 Sure.
 He's so mad he can't look me straight in the eye.
 I wish I could help you out him.
 Say, maybe you could.
 My father's in the living room with Josie.
 Suppose you go in and ask him if there's anything he'd like you to do.
 Henry, are you crazy? What if there is?
 Well, he might ask you to do the thing I'm supposed to remember to do, then I'll do it.
 Well, okay, you stay here.
 Don't act suspicious though, Homer.
 Hi, Womb.
 Oh, my work's going just fine. Thank you, Mr. Aldrich.
 I'm glad to hear it, though. Oh, Homer.
 Oh, by the way, Mr. Aldrich, is there any little thing you'd like me to do?
 No, thank you.
 You can't think of a thing?
 Not a single thing?
 That's for me.
 And now, Homer, I have something I'd like to discuss with Joe here.
 Sure, Mr. Eldridge, and if you think of anything, I wish you let me know.
 Nice boy. Yes.
 Now, Joe, here's what I want to ask you.
 I'm getting Henry a school ring for a Christmas present.
 I want to make sure I get it before they're all gone.
 Yes, but here's the catch. It has to be picked up in person at the school,
 and I don't want Henry or any of his friends to see me down there. They might suspect something.
 Well, I understand, Mr. Eldridge.
 And I wanted to show if you'd mind running over to Central High tomorrow and getting one of those rings for me.
 Oh, no, sir. I wouldn't mind a bit.
 Oh, that's fine.
 Another thing. I'd rather you didn't mention this to Mary.
 Mary I want to be sure Henry doesn't find out.
 Don't let me disturb you Mr. Aldrich.
 Omar what are you doing?
 Wait I tell you I just thought I'd straighten this plant a little.
 Go right on with what you were saying Mr. Aldrich.
 Omar I don't want to seem rude but can't you please run along?
 Sure Mr. Aldrich.
 Just as soon as I tie my shoe lights you just forget I'm in the room.
 How can I do that?
 I'll tie it real quietly.
 Oh, will you just...
 Homer, will you please leave?
 Oh, gee, you will.
 I'd be glad to.
 Now then, Mr. O...
 Oh, wait a minute, Jo.
 Oh, wait a minute, Jo.
 Oh, boy.
 Did you find out Homer?
 Did you find out what they were talking about?
 Oh, I hear Henry.
 It's your father unreasonable.
 I mean, he's mad.
 I'll say.
 Oh, I could find out if she's asking Jo to do something for him.
 He is?
 Oh, boy.
 That means he's really mad.
 Homer, you stay here.
 I'll get Mary to help me.
 Mary!
 I'm in the dining room, Henry, and please don't bother me.
 I'm trying to get these dishes cleared away.
 Mary, you've got more influence with Joe Graham than I have.
 Won't you please ask him a simple question for me?
 What question?
 Just call them in here and ask them what father's been talking to them about.
 My goodness, is father talking about me?
 About you?
 Henry hasn't been showing Joe that photograph album, has he?
 Why you...
 Oh my goodness, Joe!
 I'll wait out here in the hall.
 Did you call me Mary?
 Yes, I am.
 I thought you might like to keep the company while I wash the dishes.
 I guess I could. The only thing is your father and I were...
 What, Joe?
 Nothing.
 Joe, you started to say something. What were you and Father talking about?
 I'm sorry, Mary. I'd like to tell you, but I can't.
 You mean it's a surprise?
 Yeah, that's what it is.
 I do, isn't that sweet? I just love surprises.
 What's that?
 Oh, go!
 Yes, Mr. Aldrin.
 Oh, one more thing about that ring, about getting the size.
 Oh, Mary.
 Father, did you say...
 Did you say...
 Mary, just forget what I said.
 Of course, Father. I didn't hear a thing.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yo, could you come back into the living room a minute?
 - Yes, Joe, you just go on,
 and my goodness, you talk as long as you want about--
 - Thanks, Mary.
 What were you going to say Mr. Olives?
 - Wait until I close the door.
 - Oh my goodness.
 Oh my goodness, an engagement ring, mother!
 - Yes, dear mother, come here!
 You have all the faith, sir.
 - Mother, I'm so happy I could die!
 I can hardly believe it!
 - Believe what?
 - My goodness, after all these years,
 I thought it was never going to happen.
 Hey, hold on, are you talking?
 Mary, no.
 Mother, yes.
 What?
 Did Joe bring him?
 He's in there right now talking to father.
 Mary.
 Mary, my little girl.
 How are you guys?
 Of course not, dear.
 Mary, I want you to know how happy I am for you.
 Now I think I'd like to go and get something out of my eye.
 Come right back, mother.
 We'll have to start planning everything.
 I don't know how I'd be able to stand this house without you.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 ♪♪
 Mother, it isn't that I don't appreciate your help.
 It's no trouble at all, dear.
 But don't you think we're rushing things a little?
 He hasn't even asked me yet.
 I know, dear, but since you'll be buying a house eventually,
 you should get an idea of the market
 so Joel will know what you're talking about.
 I guess it can't do any harm to look.
 Here we are, dear.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you, Mother.
 Oh, my, look at the lovely pictures.
 Who I like that stone house up there.
 Yes, lady. May I help you?
 This is the Crawford real estate office, isn't it?
 Yes, indeed. I am Mr. Crawford.
 How do you do?
 We were wondering what you had in the way of houses.
 Well, now...
 Do you have a small house for two people?
 Oh, the five room? Well, let's see.
 May I have your name, please?
 Mrs. That is, Miss...
 What do I tell him?
 I'm Mrs. Samuel Aldrich and this is my daughter, Mary.
 Aldrich, very well.
 Oh, say, I think I have just the thing for you.
 It's a little Cape Cod, stone and clabbard, and it's a beauty.
 Oh goodness, it sounds perfectly wonderful.
 Just a moment, Mary. I'll do the talking.
 And Mr. Crawford, it sounds as though it might be satisfactory.
 Oh, how about the price?
 Oh, it's dirt cheap, Mrs. Aldrich.
 They're giving it away for 17,000.
 17,000 dollars?
 Mr. Crawford, that's ridiculous.
 Come along, Mary.
 Mrs. Aldrich, you haven't even seen the house.
 Thank you very much for your trouble, but please forget the whole thing.
 But wait, you're--
 We were really just looking anyway, Mr. Crawford.
 He hasn't even asked me, yes!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 I'm glad you dropped into the office, Will.
 I can't seem to keep my mind on work somehow.
 I can understand that.
 It'll take a while to get used to it.
 Mary seems so young.
 I just can't picture getting married.
 Boy, that wedding will set you back something.
 Well, I know mine that so much.
 I've been watching the pennies for a while.
 Will I manage to build up a nice little bank account?
 Yeah.
 Besides, I'm sure Mary will be sensible about it.
 I wouldn't count on it.
 They all want a big splash.
 Oh, I don't know, Will.
 Well, that's one consolation about Homer.
 When he gets married, someone else can worry about the build.
 Excuse me.
 Hello.
 Hello, is that Mr. Samuel Aldrich?
 Yes?
 This is Mr. Crawford.
 Oh?
 Mr. Crawford, the real estate office?
 Yeah?
 I thought perhaps I'd better talk his thing over with you.
 What thing?
 About the house.
 Your wife apparently isn't aware that prices have gone up.
 And if you want a house--
 I don't want to have to have.
 But Mr. Orridge, your wife was in my office only yesterday.
 She was definitely interested in looking in a small house with about five rooms.
 What?
 And I found a little jewel for only 12,000.
 Oh, look, Mr. Crawford, suppose I got in touch with you.
 You'll do that?
 Yes.
 One way or the other.
 All right, sir.
 Well, Sam, what's happened?
 Is it bad news?
 Alice is out looking at houses.
 What for?
 But she's been saying she didn't think she could stand our old house without Mary.
 But I didn't think she meant it literally.
 Well, you just said you have a nice bank account.
 Not that night.
 Famous favorites for years.
 And no wonder, because you never tasted anything better.
 That's jello puddings.
 Jello chocolate, butterscotch, and vanilla pudding,
 with that old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 Yes, a trio of treats, smooth as cream, rich and distinctive,
 with a full-bodied flavor that's luscious and satisfying.
 Treat the folks to Jello Vanilla Pudding tomorrow.
 Dress it up with sparkling maraschino cherries,
 a combination to tempt both the eye and the appetite.
 Jello Vanilla Pudding, with this enticing rich vanilla delicacy,
 always calls for second helpings.
 And there's Jello Butterscotch Pudding.
 How the kids go for that smacking good buttery brown sugar
 taste, or Jello Chocolate Pudding with an exciting, true
 chocolatey flavor.
 All three Jello Puddings are nourishing, made with milk,
 and they cooked to creamy perfection in just about five minutes.
 So asked for jello puddings, chocolate, butterscotch, and vanilla.
 You'll never taste it anything better.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Hoping to get a school ring, Henry is desperately trying
 to remember something his father asking to do.
 Mr. Aldrich, however, has already sent Joe Graham down
 of the school to get the ring as a Christmas present for Henry.
 And Mary believes Joe is buying her an engagement ring.
 It's the next day in the scene opens in the Aldrich backyard.
 Henry, where are you?
 I'm in the backyard, Homer.
 Where did you disappear to?
 I've been around in front resting on the porch.
 Resting?
 Sure.
 Don't you think I get tired watching you do all this work?
 Well, and you better go away again, Homer,
 because I'm going to finish beating these rugs.
 If you ask me, Henry, you're gonna kill yourself doing all this work.
 But don't you get it, Homer?
 If I do all the things my parents usually ask me to do, I'm sure to do it.
 Do what?
 He was the thing I can't remember to do.
 Stand back.
 For him, yeah, I've got some news for you.
 Something I just found out from Willie.
 What?
 Well, you know how Willie's in charge of selling school rings?
 Yeah.
 Well, your father just bought one for Joe Graham.
 Homer, you're crazy.
 I am not.
 Joe went down to the school today and got a ring.
 And he gave William a check from your father.
 He did?
 Well, well, see, what's wrong with that?
 Joe used to go to Central High, didn't he?
 Well, sure.
 Well, see, that's only natural.
 Joe's going to be a part of the family.
 My father has a perfect right to buy in the school room.
 Instead of buying one for you?
 Sure.
 It isn't every day a family gets a new son.
 Gee.
 Do you suppose Joe will be moving into your room?
 You think so?
 Well, you certainly welcome to it.
 Look, Kent, there's lots of room over at my house.
 No, thank you, Homer.
 I wouldn't think of forcing myself on anybody.
 Henny, where are you going?
 Don't worry about me, Homer.
 I'll be all right.
 Boy.
 Boy, am I mad.
 Where's that carpet beater?
 [Music]
 Yes sir. May I show you something in snow shovels?
 No thank you I was wondering if you carried pear trees.
 Oh yes indeed. The Emporium carries everything and if we don't we can get it for you.
 Oh well that's fine. Can you send six pear trees up to my home right away?
 Right away? Yes my wife's been wanting some for years.
 But this is December.
 Well, I thought this was as good a time as any to get them in.
 They'll keep until spring if I cover them over with Earth.
 They will?
 Of course they will.
 Although you know that pear trees are quite expensive.
 They cost considerably less than $12,000.
 Oh, yes, considerably.
 Oh, and do you have paint in this department?
 Yes, sir.
 How much would you like?
 Uh, enough to paint a house.
 Oh, what kind of a house?
 Well, it's quite a large one.
 And very comfortable.
 As a matter of fact, I'm very attached to it.
 Oh, is that so?
 I just thought of something else she's been wanting.
 Yes?
 I'll be back in a minute.
 Oh, first, could you direct me to the RUB department?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And as soon as I can, Homer, I'm going to send back
 this suitcase to my father.
 Will you hand me that pile of socks on the dresser, please?
 Oh, I have a mind.
 I'll get them.
 Never mind.
 Never mind.
 Here they are.
 Thank you.
 One of them needs mending.
 I'll just throw in a needle and some thread.
 Might as well get used to doing my own mending.
 Henry, why run away now?
 Why not at least wait till after Christmas?
 No, Homer, my mind's made up.
 I'm leaving just as soon as I have dinner.
 Henry, have you any idea how tough it is on the road?
 I won't be begging, Homer.
 I'll be working my way.
 Working?
 What I?
 I'll find something.
 At least I have an education.
 Yeah, and I'm not a child, you know.
 Your suitcase is getting pretty full.
 That's what I was thinking.
 I guess I'll have to throw out my rock collection.
 You're throwing your rocks away?
 Hope you don't think I'm gonna leave 'em around for Joe Graham.
 Henry, did I tell you that I'm pretty interested in rocks?
 You are?
 Well, that is, if you're running away.
 In that case, Homer, here.
 They are yours.
 Gee, Henry.
 You're giving them to me?
 Gee, you shouldn't.
 Nothing of her.
 Can you reach up on the wall there, please, Homer,
 and hand me Kathleen's picture?
 Look at her, Henry.
 Look at her smiling at you.
 Just hand it to me, Homer.
 Look what she's written on it.
 To Henry, yours truly, Kathleen Anderson.
 Just think of how she's gonna feel.
 Think of the spring prom, Henry.
 Now listen, Homer.
 Is that our door, Bill?
 Sure.
 But why should you worry about it?
 I guess I'll answer it, though.
 At least I can do for my family on my last night.
 Can I start taking my rocks out of your suitcase?
 Sure. Help yourself.
 Oh, hi, Henry.
 She was Joe. I haven't even left yet.
 I beg your pardon?
 Well, come on in.
 Thanks.
 And I just want to say, Joe, no hard feelings about what?
 You know, everything.
 Oh.
 Well, no hard feelings here, either.
 naturally. Is your father around? I think I heard him come in a little while ago.
 Go, Brian! That you? Hello, Mr. Eldritch.
 Well, well, it's nice to see you. I'll just go on back up, Steve.
 Here, have to take your coat, Joe. Thank you, sir. Mr. Eldritch, I, uh,
 I thought I'd drop over with Henry's ring. Oh, good. Thank you. I guess you'll be buying one or
 two more before long, eh? What's that? Eh, suppose we go into the living room and have a little chat.
 All right. Well, well, sit down, son.
 Thank you, sir. Well, well, well, well, Joe.
 [audience laughter]
 Yes, Mr. Aldrich? Oh, just call me.
 Well, no, there's no point in rushing things, I guess.
 No, no, there isn't.
 Rushing what, sir?
 Let me put it this way.
 Mary's a fine girl, Joe, a fine girl.
 Oh, yes, I like her very much.
 Naturally.
 Well, I guess I'll be running along now.
 Oh, nonsense, Joe. We'll be having dinner in a few minutes.
 You're just in time. But I was here for dinner two nights ago.
 Well, things are a little different now. Aren't they, son?
 They are?
 Now, let me give you a word of advice, Joe.
 You and Mary will get along fine as long as you remember a few simple rules.
 We get along, all right?
 Yes, but wait until you see how she ironed your shirts.
 What's that?
 It runs in the family, Joe. They just can't iron shirts.
 Now you take my advice and send them out to the laundry.
 But my mother irons my shirts.
 Oh and that's another thing.
 Don't ever mention your mother.
 No?
 Your mother can't do a thing, remember that.
 She can't cook, she can't mend.
 And above all she can't keep up.
 Mr. Roaldrich, my mother's a fine woman.
 Well yes, Joe and so is mine.
 But you'll have to choose between them.
 I will?
 Uh-uh.
 And not about covered it.
 Oh.
 But I just like to say, Joe, I'm not losing a daughter.
 Mother!
 Oh yes, Mary.
 What is this dinner is all my...
 Oh.
 Hello, Mary.
 Wait.
 Hi, Joe.
 Hello, Joe.
 Hi, goodness.
 Yes, Mary?
 Joe, I want you to know that I'm starting cooking school on Monday, and I'm also very
 good at dining socks.
 You are?
 Yes, indeed.
 You'll never have to worry about your socks in the future.
 You mean Mary's going to dorm them?
 Of course, Joe.
 But my goodness, here I am doing all the talking.
 Oh, before you forget, Joe, where's the reading?
 Oh, here it is, Mr. Olga.
 Oh, thank you, Joe. I really didn't want you to know about it, Mary, but now that you and Joe,
 well, it's a Christmas present for Henry. Don't you think you like it?
 Let's go run. Joe, is that what you and Father were talking about the other night?
 Well, sure. Oh, oh my goodness.
 Is something wrong, Mary?
 No, I still got hurt you in here.
 Oh, good evening, Mrs. Oldich, how are you?
 I'm fine, thank you. And isn't it nice having you?
 Joe, come on.
 Where?
 Anyway, just come on!
 Mary, have you been saying anything about my mother?
 (audience laughing)
 - Alice, does it strike you, Mary's acting very strangely?
 - I hadn't noticed.
 What I'm wondering about is that phone call.
 - What phone call?
 - From the Emporium, a man phoned a while ago
 and asked if I wanted the rugs delivered tomorrow.
 - Oh, Alice, I've been meaning to speak to you about that.
 I ordered those new rugs you've been wanting
 for the living room in front hall.
 - You what?
 - Also six pear trees and enough paint
 to do the whole house inside and out.
 - What's that?
 I thought we might redecorate the upstairs the way you wanted.
 Sam, you darling.
 You're pleased, Alice.
 Please.
 I've never been so surprised and happy in my whole life.
 You mean you'll reconsider about the new house?
 What new house?
 By the one you've been looking at.
 Here, I never wanted a new house.
 What?
 Well, now look.
 And excuse me, I want to call the Emporium
 and tell him to send those rubs.
 Alice, wait.
 Well, of course.
 I'm sorry, Henry.
 Did I knock you over?
 Not entirely.
 Listen, father.
 I started thinking about the spring prom and a few things and then I smelled the
 stew mother's cooking for supper and I'd like to make you a proposition father.
 A proposition?
 Yes sir.
 From today on I'll polish the car twice a week and I'll get up at six o'clock every morning
 to stoke the furnace.
 You know what?
 And besides I'll shovel all the walks and carry out the ashes.
 What would you think of that?
 I think I was dreaming.
 Well it's a deal father, shake.
 Shake.
 Shake.
 Henry, while this was supposed to be a Christmas present,
 under the circumstances, I think I'd like you to have it now.
 Father, my school rings.
 You like it, son?
 Like it! Boy!
 And Father, I finally remembered what you wanted me to do, I think.
 I wanted you to do something?
 Sure, you wanted me to burn that pile of bushes in the backyard.
 What?
 And it's all taken care of.
 Henry, my pear tree!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Mr. Wiest, Mr. Wiest, do you want to know something?
 Well, sure.
 Well, I'd like to tell you about my favorite brunette.
 Ah, one of those true glamour girls,
 I'll bet, with rich, dark tresses and glorious dark eyes.
 No, no.
 I'm talking about my favorite brunette dessert,
 that rich dark jello chocolate pudding.
 Why, of course, jello chocolate pudding.
 You never tasted anything better
 with that marvelous true chocolate flavor,
 especially made by the famous Walter Baker chocolate people.
 All three jello puddings, chocolate, vanilla,
 and butterscotch are rich and distinctive,
 with real old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 Jello vanilla pudding, smooth the cream,
 with that tempting vanilla delicacy.
 Jello butterscotch pudding, with that buttery brown sugar
 taste, and say all three jello puddings
 cooked to perfection in just about five minutes and they're nourishing made with
 milk
 so when you go to your groceries asked for jello pudding you never tasted anything
 better
 does anybody know where Mary is
 father you in the living room yes and we are writing out check i've got the
 car polish father boy does it does my back a there that's the last one now could
 you tell me where Mary is i don't know where she is why well joe graham just
 stopped off this bundle of old socks he said Mary would take care of them
 Just a taste of jello puddings and believe me you will know
 They are made by famous J-E-L-L-O
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company
 (bells ringing)
 (gentle music)
 (buzzing)
