 The Aldrich family on NBC.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Henry!
 Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, Mother!
 Yes, it's the Aldrich family, it's transcribed.
 Written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Boys always look forward to growing up and becoming men.
 But once that's happened, they often enough look back upon the time when they were boys.
 Those were the good old days, and with a teenage boy like Henry Aldridge around, they were
 also the unpredictable days.
 The scene opens in the all-ridge living room. The time is early evening.
 Mary.
 Oh, Mary.
 What is it, Henry?
 Have you seen my new wristwatch anyplace?
 Your wristwatch? Where did you leave it?
 I didn't leave it anyplace. I just can't find it.
 Mary, you haven't finished what you were doing in the kitchen.
 I'm going right back there, Mother.
 And, Henry, I want you to go upstairs and get washed.
 Yes, Mother. Just as soon as I finish looking for something.
 And, wash especially well there. Remember Aunt Harry, it's going to be here for dinner.
 You're sure I know.
 And you know how closely she looks at things.
 May I ask why you're upsetting all the cushions on the sofa?
 Nothing.
 Oh, well, I just happened to be looking for something.
 I certainly hope you wrote Aunt Harriet and thanked her for the lovely wristwatch she sent you.
 Yes, Mother, I wrote it a minute. I heard she was coming.
 You didn't find anything out of the ordinary when you swept under the sofa, did you?
 What would you call out of the ordinary?
 Nothing.
 Just dust or something.
 What time shall I put the potatoes on?
 Henry, what time is it?
 Well, it's exactly...
 Well, it's about...
 Well, I would say...
 The time is exactly 26 minutes after 6.
 Hello, Father. Boy, am I glad to see you.
 Put the potatoes on right away, Mary.
 Henry, I hope you're going to wash before Aunt Harriet gets here.
 You sure, Father? I'll attend to it right after I...
 After I...
 May I ask why you're crawling around on the carpet?
 I just wanted to look under this chair for a minute, Father.
 Father, have you seen anything lying around that sort of round and shiny?
 That's just why.
 Well if you saw it you couldn't help but notice it.
 Father, mother wants to know if you'll bring that picture and Harriet gave us down from the attic.
 Which one?
 The Colosseum and ruins.
 Oh yes, I'll go right up and get it.
 And Henry, mother says that at dinner you're to sit on and Harriet's right.
 On a right? Or she can see my left wrist?
 Henry Aldrich do you mean to say you lost that beautiful wristwatch she sent you?
 No, Mary, I'm sure I can find it.
 My goodness, if you can't, you know how depressed Dan Harriet gets over a thing like that.
 That isn't the half of it. She said if I took good care of it, next time she'd give me a camera.
 Henry, have you dressed yet?
 Right away, Mother.
 I want you to spend at least 20 minutes getting clean.
 Yes, Mother.
 And don't forget to take your wristwatch off before you get in the shower.
 Oh boy.
 Mary, if anyone asks where I am, tell them I'll be right back.
 Where are you going?
 I just happen to remember, I left my watch across the street at Elinor's. I'll be right back.
 Can't you help me look for my watch, Homer?
 Are you sure you left it here at my house?
 house I must have I've just been over Delanois and it isn't there
 Henry I don't see how you could lose a watch in my room
 this is where I remember wearing it last
 well she was Homer let me see that watch you have on
 now listen Henry this isn't yours exactly like mine Homer
 well sure it's the same make but is your strap one as much as this
 no was your second hand gone
 no but if I could borrow your wrist watch just for the scene
 No, Henry, you don't know how to take care of her watch.
 I've never ruined the strap or busted my second hand, have I?
 No, but you've lost the whole watch.
 Listen, Homer.
 If I give you a half interest in the camera, somebody might be going to give me.
 Would you let me wear your watch tonight?
 What could what half the camera do?
 All right, then, Homer.
 If I give you all of my allowance for the week of February 15th, will you let me borrow your watch?
 Why would I have to wait that long?
 I owe everything until then.
 I wouldn't be interested.
 But Homer, supposing my aunt Harry had asked me what time it is.
 So supposing my parents asked me what time it is.
 All right, give me a phone call. I'll be glad to tell you.
 Would you... would you give me, uh, two weeks allowance?
 Sure, it's a deal. Okay, it's a deal.
 Shake, shake, shake.
 And Homer, if there's ever anything I can do for you of any nature whatsoever, just you name it.
 Hey, Henry, here's my watch.
 Boy, thanks, Homer.
 Gee, I've got to run.
 It's a good thing we're eating dinner lights and I'll be careful with it.
 Homer!
 What is it, Mother?
 You have the correct time.
 Why, uh...
 Exactly twelve minutes to seven, Mrs. Brown.
 Homer, could you come here a minute, please?
 But, Mother, don't you think I ought to straighten up the house first?
 Will you please come here?
 Well, sure.
 Something gone wrong, Mother.
 May I see your watch please?
 My watch I didn't buy any chance here you say you were giving it to Henry did I?
 Said Henry
 Well, I certainly didn't give it to him. I loaned him my watch home a brown
 But mother he's gonna give me his allowance for the last two weeks in February
 Oh, but do you realize how much your father paid for that watch? You mean I should give him part of the money?
 I want you to march over to Henry's house and get that wrist watch this minute right now at once
 But mother, isn't a bargain a bargain?
 - Former, do you want me to take your father?
 - Okay, I'll go.
 - And if you dare come home without your watch,
 you'll go without your allowance for one entire month.
 (
 for you Harriet.
 Cabs liver would have been good enough.
 Where's Henry?
 He ought to be down any minute, Anne Harriet.
 I heard him run upstairs just a little while ago.
 Father never let us be late when we were children.
 Henry?
 Yes Father?
 Do you realize we're pratting we through with dinner?
 I'll be right there.
 I'm washing.
 Sam, as long as you have so much steak,
 give me that piece next to the bone.
 Certainly.
 What on earth is that?
 Henry!
 Hello Aunt Harriet. How are you, Henry?
 Fine.
 No, I'm awfully sorry I'm late.
 Didn't you know what time it was?
 Oh, yes, Father. It's ten minutes after seven.
 Henry, you mean your father?
 What, Mary?
 Nothing.
 Nothing.
 Well, you have some grand Aunt Harriet.
 No, thank you.
 Aunt Harriet, I can't tell you how much I appreciate the watch you gave me.
 Why didn't you write me about it?
 I did. Didn't you get my letters?
 I did not.
 Oh, let me see the watch, Henry.
 You mean up close?
 I hope I got that baby.
 No, I'll see who it is. Mary, pass Aunt Harry at the potato.
 Yes, mother.
 So you really like the watch, Henry.
 Aunt Harry, I wouldn't part with it for anything.
 Good evening, Mrs. Albridge.
 Hello, Homer. Can I speak to Henry a minute?
 I'm sorry, but Henry's at dinner.
 But I just have to see him.
 We're having a guest, Homer.
 Well, uh, if I go into the dining room and speak to him...
 You'd better go back home and see him tomorrow morning.
 Oh no, I can't. I'll wait here until he's through.
 But Henry'll be busy all evening.
 Good Mrs. Aldridge.
 I'm quite sure anything you have to say can wait until morning.
 Goodbye, dear.
 Okay, Mrs. Aldridge.
 You feel me?
 Who isn't it, Alice?
 My goodness, Homer Brown never comes over to this house,
 except when we're eating.
 Who doesn't?
 Homer.
 Oh, Homer?
 Homer Brown?
 He's the only Homer you know, isn't he?
 Well, what's the matter with him?
 Nothing, nothing.
 Are you all through Henry?
 Yes, Father, I caught up with you.
 I'll clear the table, then.
 Mary, you help for the dinner. I'm sure Henry would be glad to clear the table.
 Oh, yes, Mother. For sure.
 Should Aunt Harriet keep her watch? I mean, or four?
 No, dear. We have clean ones.
 Oh, okay.
 Henry, don't break anything going through that door!
 No, I won't.
 But everything on the big kitchen table, dear.
 Yes, Mother.
 You know, if a body meets a body coming through the right...
 [Singing]
 Henry!
 Hey Henry!
 She was... who's that?
 It's me!
 Well, where are you?
 Here, behind the refrigerator.
 [Laughter]
 Listen, Henry, I've got to have my watch.
 But listen, Homer, I didn't pay any for the use of it.
 But if I don't get it, I'll lose a month's allowance.
 Oh, you can't go back in a bargain.
 But you shouldn't have talked me into it.
 Listen, Homer.
 Do I or don't, I get my watch.
 my watch let me have it just until the end of dinner no Henry yes mother when
 are you coming back for the rest of these dishes right away mother Henry
 wait I gotta get back I'm gonna stay right here Henry until I get that wrist
 watch no Homer Henry I'm just putting the dishes down carefully mother here I
 come was there something you wanted I'll take the rest of the things out myself
 wait mother I'll take everything in one load Henry look out I haven't spilled a
 Please sit down. I'll take these things out.
 But Mother, why not at least let Mary? She's gonna do things like that.
 Mary's done more than her share.
 But I haven't.
 Please sit down.
 I'll be right back with the pie, Harriet.
 What's the matter with you, Henry?
 Well, um...
 Well, I just don't like to see my own mother wear herself to pieces.
 And must you drink an entire glass of water in one gulp?
 Oh! My goodness gracious!
 Henry, what are you doing?
 What?
 Here, let me slap you on the back.
 All right, Aunt Harriet.
 What do you think I found in the kitchen?
 Listen, Mother, let me explain.
 Explain, I let the burner on under a new pan.
 You left the burner on?
 I did.
 Here, Harriet is a piece of pie for you.
 Well, I couldn't eat a piece that big unless there's some cheese to go with it.
 Mm, I have the cheese right here.
 Fine.
 Where are you going now, Mother?
 Back to get the rest of the pie.
 I don't want to be.
 But Henry, the rest of us might.
 Oh sure.
 Of course.
 Mary!
 Yes, Mother.
 How many pieces of pie did you cut?
 Five.
 Well, I growed in two.
 And when I just went back out, there were only two left.
 There's one missing?
 There is.
 I guess Mary only cut four.
 But I'm sure I cut five.
 Well, don't go back, Mother.
 I can't eat a thing.
 It's the best pie I ever ate.
 (whistling)
 - What did that mean?
 (whistling)
 - That whistle? - Yes.
 - Oh, I imagine it's just one of the fellas outside
 or something. - Well, it sounded as though
 it were right here in this house.
 - It sounded as though it was in the cellar.
 - In the cellar, Mary?
 - Well, that's ridiculous.
 But you is.
 What is there in the cellar that would whistle?
 (whistling)
 - Will you have some saul and heria on my pie?
 Some people like it.
 My goodness!
 Isn't that strange?
 Sam, is the hot water heater down in the basement alright?
 Perhaps I'd better go down and see.
 You just said, "No father, finish your pie."
 I'm halfway out to the kitchen already.
 It was then just turned the draft off.
 Yes, father.
 Hey Homer.
 Homer!
 Home, are you down here in the basement?
 Yes, and I want my wrist watch.
 Boy, it's dark down here.
 Where are you?
 In the Colbin.
 Listen, Homer, do you want me to get into serious trouble?
 Do you want me to go up and tell your Aunt Harriet that's my watch you have?
 Homer, I beg of you.
 With all that's decent inside you, please don't go off.
 I'm going up right now.
 All right, Homer, all right.
 Here's your watch.
 Gee whiz.
 She wears, did you drop it?
 I didn't even have it, you dropped it!
 Where is it?
 Don't you have any likeness part of yourself?
 Why would you want to light Nicole Ben?
 Are you sure you aren't stepping on it?
 If I am, Henry, you'll be responsible.
 That's a funny thing.
 Hello around the floor, and there isn't any sign of it.
 Let me feel.
 Hey, do you have it?
 No, it's a lump of coal.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hey, what's that?
 My foot.
 Here, I just found this broom. Stand up in the corner there while I try to find it sweeping.
 Okay.
 Edra!
 Yes, Father?
 What are you doing down there?
 I'm sweeping the cellar!
 Waking it?
 Well, it's something I should have done weeks ago.
 Homer, Homer, I found it. It's okay.
 Oh, yeah?
 Look out, look out, Edra!
 [ Laughter ]
 Homer?
 [ Laughter ]
 Homer, are you Barry?
 [ Laughter ]
 Henry.
 Just give me my watch and let me go home.
 Henry!
 Quick, Homer, my father's coming.
 Well, let me up the stairs.
 You have to go upstairs. You gotta go in here.
 In where?
 This little room of my father has his work bench and his tools.
 Okay, but to me my watch.
 And Ray.
 Don't bother to come down, Father.
 What's the trouble out there?
 Are you in there, Homer?
 Yeah.
 How close the door tight?
 My camp is no latch on the inside.
 You're all close it.
 Henry, you didn't give me my watch.
 Henry, I asked why you'll keep me in the cello while you're at it.
 Having dinner with us?
 Well, I guess I just didn't stop the thing, Father.
 Who closed the door to my work room?
 Could I have?
 I certainly hope you didn't snap that locks on.
 It's not by itself.
 That's a nice state of affairs.
 I've told everyone in this house I've lost both keys to that lock
 and it must not be closed.
 You mean it can't be open?
 Not until I get a locksmith tomorrow morning.
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 One of Hollywood's most wonderful comedians is your star tonight when theater guild on the air brings you Rosalind Russell.
 The story will be John Van Druten's romantic comedy The Damast Cheek.
 Stay right with NBC through the rest of this evening and you'll enjoy top adventure listening too.
 On Dragnet for instance, Jack Webb stars as Sergeant Joe Friday in another case history from the files of the Los Angeles Police Force.
 Another mystery feature will be Barry Craig Confidential Investigator.
 Tonight Barry, portrayed by William Gargon, tackles the case of marbles for a murder.
 Well, it's a strange title, but an even stranger case as Barry is hired by a beautiful woman to protect her husband.
 Barry is on the case only one hour when the husband is found dead, with Barry as the only witness.
 Listen this evening as Barry Craig, confidential investigator, puts together two and two and comes up with murder.
 Keep tuned to NBC tonight for top radio entertainment.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry, having lost the new watch as Aunt Harriet gave him, has borrowed one exactly like it from Homer Brown.
 and trying to get the watch back has gotten locked in Mr. Orridge's work room.
 Well, the scene opens later that night in the Aldrich kitchen.
 - Henry! - Yes, Father?
 - Where are you? - I'm in the kitchen asking Mary if there's anything I can do to help her.
 Your Aunt Herod has been waiting here in the living room for you to come and play Kana's still with her.
 Yes, Father, I'll be right there.
 Listen, Mary, did you put in that phone call?
 - Yes, Henry. - What did the Rock Smith say?
 His wife said she'd send him over the minute he got home.
 Don't you tell her Homer's been locked in the cellar for more than an hour and a half?
 Yes, and she was very much impressed.
 And Ray!
 I'm coming right away, Father!
 Don't forget, Henry, what you promised to do for me for putting in that call.
 All right, Mary, I'll make your bed for you every morning for two weeks.
 And if I forget to make it, don't hesitate to remind me.
 Coming, Father!
 Well, it's about time.
 Yes, Anne Harriet, all ready to play?
 I am. I'll sit down and deal these cards.
 Yes, Aunt Harriet. I give us each 15.
 Henry, do you know anything about Homer Brown?
 Homer?
 Mrs. Brown just phoned he hasn't been home all evening.
 Is that right?
 Oh, the way this younger generation stays out nowadays.
 My first job?
 Yes, Aunt Harriet.
 His mother hasn't seen him for two hours.
 Boy, does time fly in a crisis.
 In a crisis?
 Out of the door.
 Oh, you stay right here and play canasta.
 But that might be for me.
 I'll see who it is.
 I'm on my way now.
 Now if only I can get a few wild cards.
 How do you do?
 How do you do?
 Sorry to kept you waiting.
 Kept me waiting?
 Yes ma'am.
 I'm the locksmith you phone for.
 Who is it, Mother?
 Henry, ask your father if he phone for a locksmith.
 Did there one out there?
 Yes, sir.
 Well, I can phone for you,
 but I do have a job downstairs you might attend to.
 Tomorrow morning, saying?
 Father, who is it?
 Henry, would you please discard?
 You got somebody locked up downstairs.
 Locked up?
 No, sir.
 Well, this place I was called to has an emergency of some kind.
 An emergency?
 Yeah.
 I better go back to shop and check with my wife.
 Oh, I'm sorry. This isn't the house you wanted.
 Ah, that's okay, lady. All in a day's work.
 See you tomorrow, sir.
 Father's the man gone?
 Yes.
 Well, well...
 Is Mary still out in the kitchen?
 Yes, dear.
 I think I'll get Aunt Harry at a glass of water.
 I don't want any water.
 Well, she was-- I'll be very glad to get Aunt Harry.
 Mary?
 What is it, Henry?
 Mary, you got to phone that locksmith again.
 Aunt Nicole?
 Sure, only they send him away.
 Why'd they do that?
 Mary, don't you realize my best friend is down in the basement
 locked in that tool room?
 Navy without air?
 Henry, if you think I'm going to make myself ridiculous by phoning
 that locksmith every 10 minutes, you are crazy.
 Look, Mary.
 Would you be interested if I also sweep your room out for you every morning?
 Well...
 Henry, where's that Jack's water?
 I'm running at her, if...
 Oh, I...
 Henry, I'm putting the full responsibility for homeless condition on your shoulders.
 'Cause when Homer comes to will, you'll want to know who did this to him.
 Henry, I haven't even seen Homer!
 Henry!
 Yes, Aunt Harriet, come in!
 Here's your glass of ice cold water.
 Thank you.
 What did you do? Let the hot water run?
 That war?
 I'll put it down and let it cool.
 I'll put that in a couple.
 Now, where are we in our game?
 Not very far, I'll tell you that.
 Well, let's see.
 I discarded it, didn't I?
 I discarded it.
 Oh. Well, then it must be my turn.
 Sam, is that someone sewing wood?
 What?
 It's bought someone's saw in wood.
 Well, well, well, let's see what cards I've got here.
 I thought I heard a saw.
 You still haven't discarded, Henry.
 Haven't I?
 Let's see now, let's see.
 Well, well, well.
 What do you mean, well, well, well? Put your card down.
 I thought I heard that sawing again.
 It's not as though it came from the basement.
 Maybe it's the hot water heater again.
 I didn't even hear that.
 Well, if you listen there, you'll hear something.
 Now listen.
 (humming)
 Henry, would you please stop singing?
 I'd like to hear where that sawing is.
 Oh, excuse me.
 Dad, Harry, did you know I've been taking piano lessons?
 I'll wait for you.
 Henry!
 Yes, mother?
 I want you to sit down at that car table,
 and if I hear one word out of you for the next five minutes,
 five minutes you'll go up to bed yes mother now then let's just listen well you
 wait
 that's the doorbell wonder who it could be maybe it's that man again the locks
 meant why would he be back tonight well I find out stay right where you are Henry
 Aren't you going to do anything that I've got, Henry?
 Oh, Mrs. Alvin's.
 Homer!
 Mother?
 Is that Homer?
 Can they stay here?
 Homer, what on earth do you have on your clothes?
 Just a little call, Mrs. Alvin.
 Do you realize your mother has been worried sick about you?
 Well, I'll tell you the truth. I've been a little upset myself.
 Mrs. Alvin, may I please go on the living room and speak to Henry?
 speak to Henry? Well, would you mind going upstairs first and washing your face and hands?
 Okay, but then do you mind please speak with Henry?
 What's the score, Harriet?
 I'm nearly 5,000 and as soon as I've beaten Henry, I'm going home.
 Oh, Marie, how would you like another glass of ginger ale?
 You're young men. Do you realize this is the fourth bottle you've had?
 It is.
 Well, if you drink anymore, you're going to go right up in the air.
 Mr. Palmer!
 Yes, Mary.
 Your mother wants to speak to you on the phone.
 Okay, I'll be right back, him.
 Do you mean to say he's actually going to leave this room for a minute?
 Well, I had a nice nap.
 Father, you've been asleep for two hours.
 Is that so?
 Well, I'm glad to see Homer's gone.
 What makes you think he's gone?
 think he's gone.
 Where is he?
 He's phoning for his pajamas.
 Oh, Father, it's just a question of time.
 As soon as his Aunt Harriet goes, I've got this.
 He's got what?
 Oh, well, whatever it is, I've had enough for one night.
 You mean, you're quitting?
 I am.
 Oh, Henry, I never did get to look at your watch.
 It's exactly eight minutes after ten.
 Well, I'd like to see it, please.
 Well, well, it's just one little thing I'd like to explain.
 Please give it to me.
 Yes ma'am.
 Here it is.
 Henry!
 Did you know the second hand is missing?
 Well now that you mention it.
 And just look how this strap is worn through.
 Henry I thought you promised to take good care of your watch.
 I didn't do that father.
 Henry, how would you like to have me take this down to the jewelers and have it fixed?
 Machine and Harry.
 And while I'm there, I can have them put your monogram on it.
 Who's monogram Henry?
 Who's monogram on what?
 (audience laughing)
 - Who, who do you think?
 - You mean my initials?
 - Naturally.
 - Why don't they channel you like that?
 - How do you know he wouldn't?
 - I mean, oh, and Harriet, she wins.
 - You're supposing Henry wanted to change his name sometimes?
 (audience laughing)
 - Do what, for instance?
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, to anything, be sure.
 - The only girls who's their monograph.
 - Nonsense, I hear you let me take this,
 and sometime next week I'll have it engraved.
 And Harry, I look ridiculous.
 That's what I say.
 Young man, you aren't jealous of Henry, are you?
 Why?
 No.
 You awake.
 Someday you may have a watch too.
 Well, I think I'll be going.
 Already, Harry?
 What do you think I am?
 A night owl?
 Now, where did I put that watch?
 You mean you lost it?
 I have.
 Isn't it strange?
 I put it right here on this table.
 You, there, young man.
 Where are you going with Henry's watch?
 Oh, I was just going to look at it on a better light.
 Well, please give it here.
 Now put it in my pocketbook.
 Yes, ma'am.
 Yeah, Aunt Harriet, would you like to have me carry your things out of the car for you?
 What things?
 Well, your pocketbook?
 Anything?
 No, thank you.
 Harriet, you're supposing you help your aunt with a coat while I hold her pocketbook?
 I'll put my pocketbook down right here, thank you.
 Aunt Harriet, don't you want to leave it there and go upstairs and see my new wallpaper?
 You're married. That's a swell idea.
 You wallpaper?
 Well, I'll go up and see it, but I know I won't like it.
 Hand me my pocketbook.
 Do you want to carry a heavy thing like that all the way upstairs?
 Give it to me.
 Henry, don't you think it'll be nice if we helped your aunt Harry it up the stairs?
 Oh, sure. They're very steep.
 Here, Aunt Harriet, we'll sort of surround you.
 Let me take you around with the pocketbook on it.
 That's so bad, boy.
 It's Henry!
 Yes, Henry.
 This is very good.
 Alice.
 Yes, Sam.
 When you please tell me what's gotten into those boys.
 They're trying to be nice to Aunt Harriet.
 I just like them.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Home is very nice.
 And fond of her, Sam, he stayed near all evening.
 Can't he find any girls his own age?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, the body needs the body coming through the white.
 Yeah.
 Well, Homer.
 Oh, yes, Mr. Harvard?
 Did you like the wallpaper?
 Oh, uh, very much.
 Well, Harry, I guess I'll be going.
 About what time is it, Homer?
 Well, my friend, it's exactly, uh, 21 minutes after 10.
 Thank you very much.
 Alice, what do you think I've lost?
 Oh, it's a long Henry.
 You late young man.
 I'll drive you home.
 What did you lose, Harry?
 I locked my car out in front of left the keys inside.
 What?
 Then go out and get them.
 And how would I do that?
 No, no, no, no, here.
 out in my pocketbook. Well, the only thing is...
 Now what? Henry's watch! You mean it isn't there, Aunt Harry?
 Henry, I'm going home. It's a long home. Now who's that?
 That's my father, I'm on my way. Whoa, hello Eleanor.
 Hello Mr. Aldrich. If Henry home, I just found his watch.
 What? His watch!
 Where did you find it? He left it over at my house this morning.
 Now, how would you account for a thing like that?
 Henry, you also let this letter you forgot to mail.
 A letter?
 Oh, yes.
 Here, Anne-Harry, it is for you.
 Thank you for my walk.
 To keep the mortality rate low among our troops in Korea,
 the armed forces must have an adequate reserve of blood plasma at all times.
 Every American who can should make a blood donation to the armed forces through local
 Red Cross chapters or local blood donor centers.
 So call the Red Cross or blood bag in your community and make an appointment.
 Do it now because a wounded veteran can't wait.
 Remember this message from General Ridgeway.
 Every American who has given blood can and should feel that he personally has contributed
 directly to the saving of the life of an American boy.
 [Music]
 The Aldrich family as transcribed was written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are house Jameson and Catherine Roth.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station for another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich family.
 Good night, everybody.
 Tonight it's the Phil Harris Alice Faisheau on NBC.
 [Music]
