 It's The Aldrich Family.
 Sure, it's The Aldrich Family presented by the Jell-O Family.
 ♪ J-E-L-F-O ♪
 ♪ Meredith, on Meredith's website ♪
 Well it's my talking people.
 ♪ Beep, beep, beep, beep ♪
 ♪ Oh, yeah, oh, yeah ♪
 Hey, what is this a traffic jam?
 ♪ We're trying out auto horns ♪
 Auto horns, what in the world for?
 ♪ For Henry Aldrich ♪
 Oh, we're getting him a present for his car.
 all present while
 henry doesn't have a lot of heart that goes
 beep beep beep beep
 well there's something to do to her horn about
 she
 he
 out
 all
 the world's most famous shivering dessert and it comes in six delicious
 flavors
 jello also stands for those smooth as cream jello pudding
 how about a lot of heart that plays a tabio kopoca look up and try to tell you
 henry does not even have a car
 who
 is
 uh...
 How would the tapioca polka sound on a bicycle bell?
 The tapioca polka would sound good anywhere because it stands for jello tapioca puddings
 and three wonderful flavors.
 What are the puddings with the personality?
 And dimples.
 And shall we dance?
 Why not?
 Jello!
 But it was tapioca.
 Jello chocolate tapioca.
 Jello orange.
 That means orange coconut.
 they cooked a perfection in just about five minutes. Jello tapioca puddings. But you won't like them. Whoa, no, not much. Hey, look at that clock. It's time for the old rich family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kelt as Homer.
 Henry! Henry Olridge!
 Coming, Mother!
 The everyday life of an average teenage boy like Henry Olridge is always a highly involved affair.
 And no matter how hard his parents try, they rarely seem to simplify things.
 The scene opens on Kathleen Anderson's front porch. It is Saturday afternoon.
 Ring the doorbell, Homer.
 Boy, Henry, if Kathleen's father had barred me from their house for three weeks,
 I wouldn't come running back on my hands in these.
 Homer, Mr. Anderson had every right.
 He did.
 Well, sure. Quiet, Homer, I hear someone coming.
 Wipe your feet.
 Before we even off, we'll welcome.
 Oh, good afternoon.
 Good afternoon, Mr. Anderson.
 Good afternoon, Mr. Anderson.
 Oh, it's a nice afternoon, isn't it?
 It is?
 Yes, sir.
 It's such a nice afternoon.
 We thought, why not come over and pass the time of day with good old Kathleen?
 I see.
 And her family.
 Well, you're here, so come in.
 Kathleen Henry is here.
 - It is?
 Well, my goodness, time I'll be down in just a second.
 - She'll be down in just a second.
 - Yes, sir.
 Thank you, sir.
 - Well, well, it's a nice afternoon.
 It's good seeing you again, Mr. Anderson.
 - Again?
 - Oh, yes, it's been nearly a week
 since you've been here, hasn't it?
 - Why, yeah, I think it's closer to three.
 You don't say.
 Uh-huh.
 Time certainly passes quickly under favorable conditions.
 Did I mention that it's a very nice afternoon?
 You did.
 Now if you'll excuse me.
 You're leaving Mr. Anderson?
 It's such a nice afternoon.
 I think I'll go down on the basement.
 Oh Mr. Anderson?
 Yes, Henry.
 I just thought you'd like to know that this time I plan to keep an eye on my elbows every
 minute I'm here.
 Fine.
 Homer, stop walking around.
 I told you to keep your eyes on your feet.
 I am Henry.
 She was, I know, exactly where they are.
 Which is the lamp you broke?
 The table lamp there.
 No kidding.
 She can hardly tell it's been damaged.
 Homer, before it ran into my elbows, it was a floor lamp.
 Oh, she no wonder things get broken.
 Look at this toy lying here on the edge of the coffee table, right where anyone could
 knock it off.
 If Homer put it down, it probably belongs to Kathleen's little brother.
 I'm just moving it to a spot where it won't cause any trouble.
 But Homer.
 Oh, Homer.
 I knew it went off by itself.
 Oh, stop it.
 Oh, whack that button to gently.
 Oh, boy.
 Henry!
 Oh, she was.
 Yes, Kathleen.
 Would you please see who's on the phone?
 The phone?
 Kathleen, I think it must have been a wrong number.
 Homer, put that toy back where it was.
 Sure, Henry.
 Do you happen to know where this little man goes in the spring?
 Gee whiz Homer, where did they come from?
 Henry, I give you my word.
 I just picked a toy up and it came apart in my hand.
 Well, fix it, Homer, fix it.
 Or I'll never be able to look him in the face again.
 Henry, if worse came to worse, you could tell him I broke it.
 You?
 I don't mind not looking him in the face again.
 That wouldn't help, Homer.
 He always lumps us together.
 Now Bob, come along.
 Oh boy, it's Mrs. Anderson.
 Or grab the toy and let's beat it.
 Beat it, but we just came.
 Homer, we have to fix it before Mr. Anderson finds out.
 And this is no place to do it.
 Bob!
 I'm going to hide the toy under your jacket.
 Can we quit on ticklish?
 Here.
 Well, no, boys.
 How about Mrs. Anderson?
 Oh, Mrs. Anderson.
 Homer, aren't you putting on a little weight?
 Wait.
 I guess it's the way I'm built.
 More or less.
 What's the down, boys?
 Make yourself comfortable.
 Sit down.
 Why, uh--
 We were just thinking of stepping out for a breath of air.
 Sure.
 I always take a breath about now.
 Shall I tell Kathleen you be right back?
 Why, that depends on how quickly that depends.
 Come on home.
 It's been nice seeing you again.
 Bob, you shouldn't have mentioned Homer's weight.
 The Browns are very sensitive about their shapes.
 That's strange.
 It's gone.
 What is?
 Herbert's toy. I put it here on the coffee table while I went down to the basement for a screwdriver.
 Is that why I found you working that jigsaw puzzle?
 I wasn't working it. I just happened to open it and...
 Phyllis, does this piece look like an ear or a mountain?
 Looks more like a part of a horse to me.
 Now Bob, I want you to find that toy and fix it.
 Every time Herbert picks it up, it practically comes apart in his hand.
 [Music]
 Alice!
 Yes, Sam!
 Who was that on the phone?
 The phone? No one, dear.
 I thought I heard it ring.
 It must have been your imagination.
 Alice, you're not suggesting I'm hearing the...
 Mother!
 Yes, Mary!
 Please tell Henry to respect my property!
 Henry, your nail file is family property!
 Henry ordered what a terrible thing to say!
 Mary, if Henry's finally come to the point where he'd like to use a nail file, I don't think we should stand in his way.
 But that's just it, mother. He doesn't intend to use it for his nails.
 What's that?
 Look, mother, there's a quick repair job Homer and I are doing in the kitchen, and a nail file is just the tool we need.
 In that case, Henry, I'm afraid Mary's within her right.
 Yes, and I stand on them.
 Okay, Mary, okay. But just waitin' 'til you wanna use my baseball bat.
 Your baseball bat?
 Sure, to bang together her vanity table.
 Homer!
 Mary, did you hear the phone ringing a few minutes ago?
 Mary's nail file is out!
 That's where I heard about it.
 Why don't we just give up trying to fix this toy and throw ourselves on Mr. Anderson's mercy?
 But Homer, we're making progress.
 We are.
 Sure.
 Henry, how many springs will lose when we left the Anderson's ten minutes ago?
 One.
 How many are loose now?
 Three.
 I wouldn't call that progress.
 But we got the little man back on didn't we?
 Sure.
 But he's standing on his head.
 Homer, if he fits on that way, it must be right.
 Besides, I think a couple of the springs go in here like this.
 You see?
 What about that one?
 Gee, that one could go anyplace.
 Here, for instance.
 Well, I'll be done.
 Henry, you did it.
 I did?
 It's fixed.
 It must be.
 There weren't any springs left.
 -Cheetah even the bell works. -Well, what do you know?
 Henry, I never realized it before, but you've got a head.
 Well, never mind that, Homer. Now, let's hurry and get it back into Kathleen's house before anyone notices it's gone. Come on upstairs.
 Okay, what for?
 I've got a swell shoebox up there. We can smuggle it back in.
 Operator, I distinctly heard the phone ring. Just now.
 Father, could Homer and I please pass?
 Oh, just a moment, operator. There.
 Thank you, Father. Homer, we've got to get back to Kathleen.
 Now see here operator. This is the second time this afternoon. My phone is wrong and there's been nobody there.
 I'll notify our repair department, sir.
 I wish you would. Goodbye.
 Sam, what's the matter? You're all slucked.
 You think the phone company would arrange it so that when a phone rings, there'd be someone at the other end.
 Oh?
 What do you mean by a statement like that?
 Nothing there. Only... Don't you think perhaps you've been working a little too hard recently?
 Alice, are you inferring... Are you...
 Don't be ridiculous. There.
 Better goes again.
 Sam, that's the doorbell.
 Oh.
 Mother, are the back doors ringing?
 Yes, dear.
 Would you please see who it is?
 I'm talking to your father.
 All right, mother.
 Alice, if you're going to talk to anyone,
 talk to the phone company.
 Dear, I'm not married to the phone company.
 Call me!
 Oh.
 Well, how do you do, Miss?
 Oh, my goodness, officer.
 What did we do?
 What did we do?
 Well, Miss, the police department
 is collecting old clothes and toys
 for Christmas bundles.
 Oh, my goodness, come in.
 Thanks.
 Now, let's see.
 Let's see what could I possibly give you.
 Would you be interested in some old pots and pans?
 No.
 Oh, well, let's see.
 Something like that old toy there on the kitchen table
 would be perfect.
 My goodness, where did this come from?
 It must be one of Henry's old ones.
 But I'm sure he'd be delighted to donate it to such
 a worthy cause here.
 Thanks a lot. Well, goodbye.
 Goodbye. And Officer, wouldn't you like to leave your phone number?
 I mean, in case I run into any more old things.
 Bob Anderson, once and for all, you're not going to spread that jigsaw puzzle on my dining room table.
 Why not?
 Because you promised to fix Herbert's toy.
 She'll ask I've looked all over for it and I can't find it.
 Mother, where is he? Where did he go?
 Who, Kathleen? Henry, I can't find him anywhere.
 Oh, he left 15 minutes ago, dear, and he hasn't come back.
 Father, you didn't say anything to Henry to drive him away, did you?
 I hardly said two words to him.
 That's it, then, that's it. He thought you were still mad at him.
 This piece here must be here. I found part of a nose.
 Father, aren't you listening to me?
 Or is it the trunk of a tree?
 Father, how can you play with that childish puzzle
 When you may be driving a son-in-law right out of my life.
 What's that?
 Mother's stranger things have happened.
 And I think the least father can do is to let Henry know he didn't mean what he said.
 Very well, Kathleen. I'll talk to him.
 I'll act on the phone.
 Only if it's Henry, I'll just die of him there.
 So, where's the top of the box this puzzle came in?
 No, Bob.
 Hello?
 Look, Kathleen.
 Henry, is that you?
 Sure.
 And look, something terrible has just happened.
 Mary's just ruined everything.
 everything. What are you talking about? Look Kathleen the reason I suddenly left
 your house this afternoon. Henry I know all about that. You do? Yes and just as
 soon as my father comes down he's going to speak to you. Oh boy. I guess I better
 go straight down to the police department. What? Goodbye. Henry wait.
 Whatever my father said I'm sure he didn't mean it.
 [Music]
 But Henry, I'm allergic to police station.
 But Homer, we just have to get Herbert's toy back, and that's all there is to it.
 I know, only. These pictures on the walls give me the willy.
 - He's just don't look at them. - I can't help looking at them.
 Say Henry, look at this dead or alive picture.
 - Doesn't it look familiar? - It does? Sure.
 If you shave off the mustache, it looks just like one of our teachers.
 Which one?
 Miss Agalston.
 Homer.
 Well, who won and give $500 to get Miss Agalston back?
 Here's the room where the sergeant said they're keeping the toys.
 Larson, he's squat.
 Come on.
 Okay.
 But I'm expecting your father to defend me.
 For nothing.
 Boy, are we in luck, Homer.
 There's no one in here.
 Gee, look at all the toys.
 Look at all the toys.
 Homer, stop playing with them.
 I'm not.
 Isn't this a swell steam shovel?
 Oh, look!
 Here's Herbert's toy.
 Wait.
 At the bottom of the pile,
 see the little man poking out alongside that tiny--
 Oh, boy.
 Grab it, Henry.
 It's stuck under something.
 Henry, look out.
 Oh, boy.
 Henry, I've got it.
 I've got it.
 Let's feed it.
 Hello there, boys.
 Homer.
 It's a policeman. We'll get life.
 Look, Officer.
 Bring some toys down for our drive.
 Why?
 In a way we are.
 That's fine.
 Say, do you boys have a little extra time?
 Time. What for?
 Police toys have to be packed in barrels and sent to the firehouses and I could use a little help.
 Well...
 It'll only take a few minutes.
 Just drop that toy you have there in this barrel and...
 But, Officer, you don't argue dropping.
 Oh, boy.
 That's it. Now, let's start packing the rest of the toys on top.
 on top of it. Yes sir, no way they go. Oh boy.
 It's true folks, more people buy jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 Try those grand new Jell-O tapioca puddings, newest members of the famous Jell-O pudding
 family.
 They're a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 Yes, Jell-O chocolate tapioca, Jell-O vanilla tapioca, and Jell-O orange coconut tapioca.
 All three are luscious, light and delicate, gloriously rich and creamy, and they're ready
 prepared.
 All you do is add milk, and they cook to mellow perfection in just about five minutes.
 Ask your grocer for Jell-O tapioca puddings and say, better ask for three packages while
 you're about it so you'll be prepared for the weekend.
 That's Jell-O tapioca puddings.
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Finally this afternoon, Henry and Homer took a toy from Kathleen Anderson's house under
 the misapprehension that they had broken it.
 When they finally repaired it, Mary inadvertently gave it away to the police toy drive.
 The scene opens in the center of her lamporium.
 It is later the same afternoon.
 "And if it were up to me, I'd let Mr. Anderson get mad and save my money."
 "Homer, I can't.
 Suppose some day Kathleen and I get, Kathleen and I get, get what?"
 Never mind.
 But you wouldn't want me to go through my married life not talking to my father-in-law,
 would you?
 Why not?
 That sounds like a nice arrangement.
 Oh.
 Besides, how do you know we can buy another toy exactly like her?
 Homer, we can at least try.
 Here's the toy counter.
 See, look at the swell stuff.
 Homer, put that thing down.
 Haven't you learned your lesson yet?
 I'm just admiring the construction.
 What do you think this button is for?
 Oh boy.
 Oh boy.
 Oh boy.
 Homer, now look what you've done.
 I hardly touched it, hen.
 It came right apart in my hand.
 May I help you, young man?
 Wait.
 I just picked this up, see?
 Oh, yes.
 That's one of the cleverest toys that's coming to the store in a long time.
 You just touch that button and it comes apart in your hands.
 It does.
 It does?
 And when you push it again, everything snaps right back into place.
 Children have their grandest time putting it together and letting it fall apart again.
 I can see where they would.
 I wrap one up for you.
 Well, I know, thanks.
 What we're looking for is a toy that has a sort of a little man on top, see.
 What does it do?
 Do?
 Mostly it just rings.
 Well, there is one under the counter here that...
 Is it something like this?
 Oh, boy!
 Homer, that's it!
 You're very lucky, sir.
 It's the last one like it we haven't stopped.
 We'll take it, Miss.
 How much is it?
 It's, uh...
 Oh, excuse me a minute while I check the front.
 Henry, you're sad.
 Homer, Doc.
 What's wrong?
 down that aisle and
 quick over this week but the time come back and get it later
 one dollar and forty not
 young man where are you going
 i think they
 excuse me miss one of the two boys here a moment ago
 by yes they just disappeared into notions
 may i help you with anything else well as a matter of fact that the reason i'm
 shopping it
 you sell jigsaw puzzles don't you know i guess we're having a wonderful sale
 right now i don't want to buy one i i just thought
 Well, you see the puzzle in this box here.
 Yes.
 Well, we seem to have lost the cover with a picture on it,
 and I wondered, could you sort of look over the pieces
 and give me a hint as to what it's supposed to turn out to be?
 Oh, I'm afraid I can't do that, sir.
 Oh.
 But if you'd like to leave it here for a few weeks,
 we could put our research department to work on it.
 Oh, never mind.
 Excuse me, Miss, but would you--
 Hello, Mr. Anderson.
 Hello, Mary.
 Say, if you run into Henry, would you tell him I'd
 like him to phone me?
 Henry and I aren't speaking, Mr. Anderson,
 But I'll see that he gets the message. Is it important?
 Well, Kathleen wanted me to apologize to him.
 My goodness, what for?
 That's what I don't know. Well, goodbye, Mary.
 And thanks for your help, miss.
 That's quite all right, sir.
 No, may I help you, madam.
 Well, there was a certain toy of my brother, you see.
 And I gave it away.
 Well, my goodness, you'd think he'd know it was for a wonderful cause.
 Well, what was this toy like?
 Well, it had a little man on top, you see.
 And a velvet bag.
 (music)
 Sam, it wouldn't hurt for you to take a few days old.
 Alice, I'll tell you I'm fine.
 Of course you are, dear. I wasn't insinuating that...
 I just meant that when you start to hear bells, isn't that the first sign of...
 The first sign of...
 Sign of what?
 Nothing, Sam.
 I suppose you just lie down and I'll make you some hot tea with some honey in it.
 Honey makes me lose my appetite.
 Yes, Sam, but it lines your stomach.
 Henry, is that you?
 Yes, Mother.
 My goodness, what have you two boys been doing? You look all worn out.
 Why, we took sort of a bicycle ride, Mother.
 But they didn't have any in Abbott City either.
 Oh, the way to Abbott City, my goodness.
 Oh, I'm making your father some tea. Would you boys like some hot milk?
 Hot milk.
 Henry, I think I'll go home.
 Oh, my God, Henry, Mary asked me to give you this package.
 Mary and I aren't speaking, Mother.
 We've broken off diplomatic relationships.
 Now, dear, I think this is a peace offering.
 Homer, would you like some butter in that hot milk?
 Butter?
 Well, Mrs. Aldrich, do you happen to have some strawberry syrup?
 No, I think so.
 And some club soda?
 Yes.
 Swell, and you can forget about the milk.
 My goodness you children never know what's good for him. You're gonna open it open my Mary's present
 See what she's offering for peace. Oh, it's probably just a couple of handkerchiefs
 Can me who do you suppose bought that toy right out from under? I don't know boy. I sure wish I could lay my hands on
 Homer what's ringing? I think it's Mary's handkerchief
 Oh boy
 Stop the bell.
 I can't. The button's stuck.
 Here, jam my fountain pen against it.
 Okay.
 And where do you suppose Mary got her hands on this?
 Who cares? The important thing is we're all set.
 Henry!
 Oh boy, Homer, talk about toy back in the box.
 Quit headstock.
 Henry, Henry, you boys heard it that time, didn't you?
 Why, you heard what, Father?
 The phone ring.
 I didn't hear any phone ring.
 You didn't?
 Sam, your tea's ready.
 Alice, would you mind bringing it upstairs?
 - Upstairs. - I think the best thing
 for me to do is go right to bed.
 (dramatic music)
 Quiet, Homer.
 - Pen me, are you sure the Anderson's are in the dining room?
 - Sure, they're eating.
 So help me set up this stepladder
 under the living room window.
 Then all you have to do is climb up, open the window, and drop the toy in.
 Me?
 Why me?
 Homer, you mean you're scared?
 Sure.
 Homer.
 Henry, I helped you fix the toy and I put my head off to Abbott City,
 but I draw the line on holding off ladders.
 How could you fool?
 I'd manage.
 Okay, Homer, okay.
 I'll go up.
 Just hold the ladder steady.
 I am.
 When I get up, toss me the toy.
 Henry, who's that?
 I'm just Kathleen's dog Daisy.
 And stop rattling the ladder!
 But Henry Daisy's resented me
 ever since she caught me eating one of her dog biscuits.
 I'm Daisy, I apologize.
 I apologize.
 Homer, you're knocking me off!
 It's damn Daisy!
 Homer, never mind Daisy.
 Toss up the toys.
 She's got my pants.
 Come on, toss up the toys!
 There!
 Oh boy.
 Boy.
 Didn't you have the window open yet?
 Who is that?
 Who's there?
 Oh, my quick run.
 Daisy, let go!
 Who's there, I say?
 Oh, my...
 She's the let go.
 Daisy, please stop being a dog in the manger.
 Now, be sure and take plenty of warm socks, Steve.
 Alice, I'm only going to be gone a few days.
 Sam, it won't hurt to take an extra pay.
 Very well.
 And dear, I just want you to know I think you're doing the right thing.
 There's nothing like a fishing trip to get bells off your mind.
 Alice, that has nothing to do with it.
 I just heard it's the bass we're running and I thought...
 Well, I thought...
 Yes, dear, if you say so, I'll get your socks for you.
 I wonder if Will Brown would be interested in going along.
 Henry, is that you?
 Why, yes, Mother, has...
 Has there been a phone call for Homer?
 I recently from home there anyone mr. Anderson say no dear no one's called
 Homer how did you get your pocket torn my pocket she was I guess Daisy did that Daisy
 My goodness young ladies nowadays don't behave the way they used to
 If you'd better both sit down and cool off boy Henry feel my heart. It's beating mine -
 Homer do you think mr. Anderson recognized us if he did he should
 We would have phoned by now.
 Oh boy.
 Henry, that must be him.
 Henry, please answer the phone.
 Aww, mother.
 Please, dear, I've got socks on my mind.
 But, G-mother, I'm not cooled off yet.
 Henry, please answer the phone.
 But it might be a wrong number.
 Henry!
 Yes, mother.
 Hello?
 Is that you, Henry?
 Oh boy.
 Yes, Kathleen?
 Henry, I'm phoning on behalf of my father.
 Father. You are just a minute Kathleen Homer Mr. Anderson asked her to phone I'm
 going home you can at least give me a little moral support I can do that just
 as well from home hello Kathleen about your father my goodness Henry he's been
 trying to get his hands on you all day no Kathleen and read you mind if I
 apologize for him sure but you if you do what for I apologize for being so rude
 to you this afternoon. Kathleen, you mean? Well, I'll be dark. Homer, Mr. Anderson's been
 after me just to apologize. What? Henry, have you disappeared again?
 To the note, Kathleen. I'm right here. I think. My father would apologize personally,
 only he's very upset right now. Upset? Yeah, someone stole one of her bits toys and then
 threw it back through our living room window. Oh, who did a thing like that? That makes
 So many, doesn't know.
 He doesn't?
 Well, isn't that too bad?
 Look, Kathleen, to tell him not to worry, I don't know where he can get a pane of glass
 cheap for nothing, in fact.
 Well, that isn't what he's really mad about.
 You see, when the toy came through the window, it broke up his jigsaw puzzle.
 It did?
 And he's simply furious.
 He was almost positive it was going to turn out to be Ulysses S. Grant.
 Oh.
 - You're an alien, Rocky.
 - Huh?
 - So can I tell him you accept his apology?
 - Sure, Kathleen.
 He lives, that's the least I can do.
 - Oh, that's very nice of you, Henry.
 And you can come over and see me tomorrow.
 - Oh, boy.
 Sure.
 - Goodbye.
 - Goodbye.
 Boy, Homer.
 - Henry, I've never seen anyone so lucky.
 - I'll say.
 - Henry, how would you boys like to go fishing with me?
 - Me, Father?
 I thought it might be nice to have company you've been asking to go for years.
 Tea Father I'd like to only do you think I ought to leave town just when I've
 cemented my relationships with Mr. Anderson? I'd be glad to go Mr. Aldrich.
 On second thought I'll probably have a good time alone.
 But thanks just the same father. Sure thanks Mr. Aldrich.
 Well I better go home and all time.
 Okay I'll walk you to the door. Thanks.
 Oh, before I forget Homer, where's my fountain pen?
 What fountain pen?
 That gave you to stick in the toy to keep it from rain.
 Henry, I never took it out.
 [audience laughter]
 Homer, you mean it's still stuck in the toy?
 I guess so.
 The one that went through the window and landed on Mr. Anderson's jigsaw?
 On his why?
 Oh, boy.
 Hey, what are you getting so excited about?
 That pen only cost you 50 cents.
 60, Homer.
 It cost me 10 cents extra to have my name in grave, Doc.
 Your name? Oh boy. Henry, Mr. Anderson wants to speak to you on the phone.
 He does? Well, look, Mother, would you please tell him I can't talk to him now?
 I'm just about to leave on a fishing trip with Father.
 Hiya fellas, whatcha doin'?
 Well Gee whiz, willy marshal, willy willy willy, where'd you come from?
 And me, let's pretend we don't see him.
 Okay, I betcha ratatoot, I was gonna lend you this pair of hip boots
 to go fishing with your father Henry, but now fat chance.
 Hip boots?
 Well, willy, I apologize.
 Oh no.
 But willy.
 Don't even coast.
 But willy, if you lend me those hip boots, I'll even ask you over for supper.
 Supper?
 What's in it for me? What's for dessert?
 Well, what a question. With the Aldrich family, it's sure to be one of those
 luscious shimmering jello desserts. They are a treat to eat in all six delicious flavors.
 Strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime. Yes, you just can't beat jello
 for tempting fruit-like flavor. Because every jello flavor is rich with that famous locked-in
 goodness. Flavor sealed right in so it can't get out till your first electable spoonful.
 No wonder jello is America's favorite gelatin dessert. So look for those big red letters
 on the box. They spell jello and jello spells a treat.
 [music]
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying the old rich family is brought to you by the jello family.
 [music]
 Boy desserts that are delicious. Boy believe me, you should know. They are made by famous J-E-L-L-O.
 [Applause]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (bells ringing)
 (gentle music)
