 [Music]
 Jello everybody is a Jello family of desserts presents...
 Henry Henry Olgrich!
 Coming mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes it's the Olgrich family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith.
 And starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's home.
 And yes, it's the Jell-O family.
 [music]
 Oh, the big red ladder stand for the Jell-O family.
 Oh, the big red ladder stand for the Jell-O family.
 That's Jell-O, yum, yum, yum.
 Jell-O puddings, yum, yum, yum.
 Jell-O papp, the yoke up putting yesteries.
 And now for the Aldridge family.
 family. The memories of our youth are often lost in the fog of maturity. The
 best way to recapture those memories is to know a real teenage boy like Henry
 Onge Ridge. The scene opens on the Onge Ridge front porch at his early morning.
 "Little girl, hey you out there on roller skates! You who?" "Oh you who, me you who!"
 Yeah, could you just skate up our walk to the porch here a second?
 Sure.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Don't I speak pretty good?
 Sure, but you can-
 My name's Elsie Hopkins.
 Hi, I'm Henry.
 Henry?
 Hi.
 Hi.
 We just moved into that house down the block.
 That's fine.
 Welcome to Centerville.
 But you see what I- Thank you.
 You're welcome too.
 Thanks.
 Elsie, how would you like to do me a favor?
 A favor?
 Yeah, and while you're doing it, I'll run in and see if I can find you a piece of candy.
 Gee, I don't need candy just for doing a favor.
 Well, if it's one thing our whole darn family does,
 it's things for nothing.
 Well, sure, but you're not--
 We've been brought up.
 That's fine.
 What kind of candy?
 The tree time.
 And all I want you to do is skate down to the corner
 and see if a certain fellow's coming down the street.
 What fellow?
 Well, he's about so high, see.
 And he hasn't had a haircut recently.
 So from a few feet off, he may look
 as though he's walking backwards.
 No kidding.
 He really does.
 Yeah.
 He looks the same coming and going, north and south.
 Yeah.
 So will you please skate down to the corner?
 I don't have to, I just came from there.
 Huh?
 And there wasn't a person in sight.
 Not even going to look the same from all angles.
 Oh, I'll be darned. Excuse me, Elsie.
 But just a day!
 I have in time. Mother!
 I'm in the kitchen, do you?
 Mother, you're sure Willy didn't call while I was upstairs putting on my tie?
 No, dear, and please don't slam the door.
 I have a cake in the oven for the sewing circle meeting this afternoon, and I don't want it falling.
 Yes, Mother.
 Gee, would you think Willy would have more consideration than to be late?
 Especially when you take into account that he's going to the circus on my past.
 There, perhaps you should have consulted me before you're invited, Willy, to go with you.
 Consalted you?
 Yes, dear.
 But who else could I invite?
 Homer's out of town for the weekend.
 Henry, I'd like you to just look out this window here.
 The kitchen window?
 Yes.
 What do you see?
 Nothing, Mother.
 Just Mary lying in the hammock.
 That's just the point.
 Can't you notice anything?
 She's put on weight.
 No, dear.
 She's very unhappy.
 She is?
 Yes, I'm surprised you didn't notice.
 Her mother, her being unhappy, isn't nearly as obvious as the weight she's put on.
 Dear, she hasn't put on weight, but since Kermit went out of town, she's had nothing
 to do.
 And I think the least you could have done is invited to go to the circus with you.
 Instead of Willy?
 Yes, dear.
 But I can't just disinvite Willy.
 It would just hurt his feeling.
 Dear, I'm not suggesting anything like that.
 I'm just suggesting that in the future you might keep your own family and mine.
 You're right, mother.
 And meanwhile you might tell Mary a swell new picture opened at the colony theater yesterday.
 It's really good?
 Well all I know is Agnes Lawson saw it and boy she said she never cried so much in all
 her life.
 She said that, oh boy is that the door?
 But Willie I'll be right there.
 There that's the telephone.
 The telephone.
 He's calling?
 Excuse me.
 Mary could I speak to you?
 The father.
 I thought sure that, yes sure Bob.
 Father that isn't Willie on the phone is it?
 Yes Bob.
 Yes Bob.
 Father.
 I say Bob.
 Excuse me, Bob. What is it, Henry? Is that Willie? It's Mr. Ferguson. It is. Well, naturally, Bob, if you can't play golf, you can't.
 But did I tell you that they're using the new green on the third hole and... Oh, of course, if you can't, you can't.
 No, don't forget it, Bob. There are things I can do around the house. Goodbye.
 Well, that's a fine say. Oh, boy. Oh, boy.
 Does that clock actually say 1215? Yes. But the elephants get married at 130.
 The Who Get Mary?
 Number please.
 Helm 913 please.
 Helm 913.
 Who gets married?
 Elephants father in the circus.
 They're going to have the whole ceremony,
 including two chimpanzees who throw rice.
 You don't say.
 Sure in a giraffe in a starch collar who's the minister.
 Yeah?
 Well, Henry.
 Yes, Father.
 That passed to the circus.
 Is it for two or three?
 Two.
 Oh.
 Why, Father?
 Nothing.
 I just thought if it were for three,
 - Yeah, that's all right.
 There's quite a bit of work I have to do in the garden.
 - Hello?
 - Listen, will he, is that you?
 - Oh boy, Henry, I've got you.
 - You're darn right, it is.
 And let me ask you one question.
 Where the heck are you?
 - Here.
 - Well, what kind of an excuse is that?
 Why aren't you here?
 - Well, that's the whole thing, Henry.
 I was just about to call you.
 I'd run into what you might call a minor snag
 about the circus this afternoon.
 - What minor snag?
 - I can't go.
 - What, why not?
 - I don't even know how to tell you.
 tell me what? It's pretty darn embarrassing. What is? Well, I'm going to spend the afternoon
 with my father. What? At the ball game. Isn't that embarrassing? But, but, Gee whiz, do
 you know what they've got this year at the circus? An entire family from five years old
 to 60 who do nothing but hang by their teeth. They do? Sure. One night under the other.
 Don't you think that would be educational?
 Well sure it would, sure it would,
 but my father's got feelings, see.
 - He has?
 - Sure.
 - Feelings are something that run in our family.
 But Willie, what about my feelings?
 It's late, who else can I dig up?
 - Willie, what's that father?
 But I'm still talking to, just a minute, Henry.
 Are you gonna explain to him about my going alone, Willie?
 Willie?
 - Hello, Henry.
 - Is that you, Mr. Marshall?
 - Yes, and would you excuse Willie if he hangs up?
 We wanna get out to the park
 and time to see infield practice.
 Sure have a good time, Mr. Marshall. And don't worry. I just remembered Mary
 That Norman Marshall. Let me speak to him. Mr. Marshall my father wants to speak to you and father
 Did you notice if Mary was still unhappy in the hammock? No, I didn't. Hello Norman. Say normie
 Have you noticed what a perfect day and Mary?
 I thought I asked you to be careful of my cake. My mother. I have to find Mary
 I'm taking her to the circus. Did she just let to see the new movie the new movie?
 But mother, it's terrible.
 Terrible? You told me Agnes cried.
 Oh sure she did, sure she did, because she was so mad about spending her last 35 cents on it.
 Same mother. Did you mention this morning that you hadn't seen a circus since you were practically a child?
 There, if you're thinking of inviting me, I'm taking that new Mrs. Hopkins down the street to our sewing circle meeting.
 You are?
 But, Jane mother, when will you ever get another chance to see a couple of elephants get married?
 [Music]
 But Sam, why can't you take it?
 Because Alice, I can't.
 An hour ago I would have been glad to go to the circus with him.
 I was anxious to go, but now I can't.
 Why not?
 Because... because the person I'm playing golf with is going to a great deal of trouble to arrange things.
 Why doesn't he call some of his friends?
 He has, dear, that's all he's been doing, and no one seems to be free.
 Boy, if that is not a fine thing.
 What, dear?
 Olivia Marlowe, mother.
 Olivia Marlowe, she has no consideration.
 For months, she's been saying, "Call me up sometime, Henry.
 Call me up."
 When I do what happens.
 She turns you down?
 No, she's got the mumps.
 That is very inconsiderate, over.
 I'll say, she was my last hope.
 Henry, couldn't you go alone?
 Alone?
 By myself, independently.
 Gene, mother, even popcorn tastes different if it isn't eaten in mixed company.
 Well, excuse me.
 Where are you going?
 Nowhere, just outside.
 Toss this tennis ball against the porch roof.
 What else is there to do?
 Just be careful of the window.
 Sam, just enjoy yourself, dear.
 Yes, mother.
 Hi.
 Huh? Oh, hi.
 I'm L.C. Hopkins. Remember? You forgot to give me one of those chewy's.
 Chewy's?
 The candy that you promised if I went down to the corner to see if someone was coming
 or you couldn't tell which way he was moving.
 Huh?
 Oh sure. Well, I don't have any on me, L.C.
 Oh. What you doing with that tennis ball?
 Nothing, just trying to practice pitching.
 Yeah? Are you the best pitcher in town?
 I?
 You certainly look like you were the best in town.
 Yeah?
 Well, I wouldn't go so far as...
 So far as...
 Listen, Elsie.
 Listen, did you know there's a circus in town?
 Sure.
 What happened dying to go?
 You have?
 Well, how would you like to go with me?
 Me with you?
 Sure.
 You with me?
 Sure. This afternoon.
 Boy, would I?
 Would I?
 I'll say would I?
 That is if my mother will let me skip my nap.
 Yeah, well...
 [audience laughter]
 Go home and ask her.
 Sure sure I'll skate right home. I'll be back.
 Oh, I'll just get dressed.
 Wait for me else.
 Oh, Elsie.
 Oh boy.
 I'll pick up that garbage and tomorrow.
 Oh, raw.
 How many do you have at your house, Elsie?
 Henry, old reach that wasn't a bit nice.
 Why wasn't, mother?
 No matter how badly you feel you had no right
 knocking that little girl over.
 Oh, mother, I'm not going over that,
 Elsie Hopkins.
 I'm taking her to the circus.
 You are?
 Do you think that's why?
 Why?
 Well, she may be a very nice little girl and all that, but children her age can get to
 be a nuisance if you're not used to taking care of.
 Mother, she won't be a nuisance, and at least she's someone to go with.
 Hey, Henry!
 She was, is that Willie?
 Okay, Henry, let's go.
 Let's go.
 Where to?
 The circus, where do you think?
 Willie, you're going to the ball game.
 Oh, no, I'm not my father.
 Let me talk him out of it without his feelings being heard at all.
 Willie, that's wonderful.
 Sure, he's going to help out your father and play golf with him.
 That's swell.
 Come on, Willie, let's go.
 Henry, just a moment.
 What about Elsie Hopkins?
 Elsie?
 She was, Mother.
 You're right.
 I'll just cancel her.
 Henry.
 Well, I can't take her and willy both.
 Henry, you'll do no such thing.
 But Mother, what do you mean you don't want me to go?
 The willy, dear.
 She was seeing a family hang by their teeth might be an experience I could carry through
 my entire life.
 Henry, naturally, you can do what you want, but I'd like to point out that that little
 girl has feelings.
 Even though she's only 11?
 Yes, dear.
 Okay.
 Just to save her feelings, suppose I send her a nice letter telling her I suddenly became
 indisposed.
 Sure, from in this position.
 The letter won't be delivered until tomorrow.
 Well, how about a telegram?
 Willy.
 The kind with bluebirds on it.
 Henry, if you're going to make excuses to that girl, you're going to do it in person,
 and so she won't be hurt.
 But, mother, gee whiz, don't you realize the elephants are practically coming down the
 aisle this very minute?
 Oh, the Big Red Letter Stand for the Jell-O Family
 Oh, the Big Red Letter Stand for the Jell-O Family
 That's Jell-O, yum, yum, yum, yum
 Jell-O, putting, yum, yum, yum
 Jell-O, putting, jus-a-ree
 Yes, sir-ree, there's nothing like getting to the circus
 It says they're seeing all the animals diving into the pink lemonade and popcorn and peanut brittle nothing like oh, yes
 There is what why jello Agnes Lawson? What did you say I say you can fix up lots more exciting things eat in your own home
 And you can get it a circus like that peanut brittle pudding. I made the other night bomb Agnes you made it yourself
 By sure it's easy
 I'll you do is fix a package of jello chocolate pudding as usual and then before you serve it you fold in a third of a cup of
 A crushed peanut brittle, and add a lot of whipped cream.
 Bye!
 That sounds wonderful, Agnes.
 But then, jello puddings are wonderful in all three flavors, chocolate, butter, scotch,
 and vanilla.
 All three have real old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 They're nourishing made with milk and take only about five minutes to cook.
 That's jello puddings.
 The happiest ending a meal ever came to.
 [Music]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 The scene opens in the Hopkins living room.
 But heck, Father, you should have told me sooner.
 Elsie, I didn't know sooner.
 Mr. Marshall just gave me the tickets.
 I thought you liked ball games.
 Well I do, Father. What will Henry think if I stand him up for the circus?
 He'll think you're a well-brought-up young lady who'd rather go with their father than anyone else.
 Father, you put everything on such a maldon plane.
 Okay, okay. If you'd rather spend the afternoon with a total stranger than your own father, well that's okay with me.
 But Father, she whiz.
 Elsey dear, I'd like to have a little talk with you.
 But first, Mother, could you speak to Father and point out that he's not seen my side at all?
 Well, dear, I'm afraid you're not saying his side either, and you're not very considered of his feeling.
 Well, mother, why can't Tommy go with father to the ballgame?
 Because Tommy's an older girl and much more... much more...
 Well, she sort of lost her interest in baseball.
 But, hey.
 Elsie, I can't order you to go with your father, but if you'll take my advice, you'll cancel your appointment with Henry.
 Yes, mother.
 And don't say heck.
 And see you at the door, dear, while I start lunch.
 Yes, mother.
 Yes, sir, Rhee.
 But speaking of mysteries, Danny, I wish you clear one up for me.
 Why jello and Harriet?
 Why is it you talk about jello desserts, but never say a word about the beautiful warm weather salads you can make with jello?
 Well, say that's right, Aunt Harriet. Have you any suggestion?
 Indeed I have. One that Alvin--
 Oh, I mean my friend, Mr. Springer--
 says he's the best he ever tasted.
 But tell us more.
 Well, for a delicious fruit salad, all you do is dissolve a package of lime jello in two cups of hot water and pineapple juice.
 When it's slightly thickened, a diced canned pineapple, a diced apple, and a sliced banana.
 Then you chill it in individual moles and serve on crisp lettuce.
 It's one yeah.
 Well, that I believe because Jell-O's such a treat in all six delicious flavors,
 strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime.
 All six flavors have wonderful fruit-like goodness,
 flavor that can't get out till your first tempting spoonful.
 So better take Aunt Harriet's advice and enjoy Jell-O's salads all summer.
 [MUSIC]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 It is later the same day in the scene opens on the highway outside center room.
 >> Sam, are you sure you're still on route five?
 >> Positive Alice.
 Henry, pass me another sandwich, please.
 >> Another sure father here.
 >> Thank you.
 >> Don't thank me, father.
 You're into Homer's share now.
 >> [LAUGH]
 >> Henry, considering I missed my lunch.
 >> Father, it's not that I mind sacrificing the food, but where's the bus?
 Sam, do you suppose it might have turned off somewhere?
 Not if he's following his route.
 Father, look!
 Where?
 That little roadside place we're coming to see that song?
 Trucks and buses welcome.
 Sam, stop!
 What for?
 Father, it won't hurt to ask whether the bus went by here.
 Well...
 Hello there!
 Hello, folks!
 Thanks, your nice lunch!
 No, thank you.
 We'd just stop to ask if the mystery bus has been here.
 Mystery bus?
 Don't even know what it is.
 Although, look, if some of the buses come in here,
 It's a mystery that let them on the road.
 That's the name of the bus we're looking for.
 Oh, well there hasn't been more
 in one bus stopped here today.
 And that was loaded to the gums with kids.
 Kids, father, that's it.
 Where did they go?
 Well, they were headed for an outing up at the state park.
 Oh, boy, father, let's get going.
 And now just a moment, Henry.
 Do you realize how many buses
 there probably are with youngsters in them
 on a Saturday morning?
 Well, don't you think it's worth taking a look?
 Now, Henry.
 Sam, what can we lose?
 Alice, the park is 25 miles square.
 There are at least a dozen different picnic grounds on it.
 Father, can I just ask the lady if,
 ma'am, was there a fellow on that bus about my size
 but with a very small head?
 (audience laughing)
 Well, I couldn't say, but if you do catch up with them,
 you might take this along and give it to whoever dropped it.
 Well, I'm not sure that we--
 What, I mean, that is, Father, that's Homer's.
 It is? Sure.
 Henry, what would Homer be doing
 with a box of curry powder?
 It was part of our lunch.
 What?
 Lady, you said the state part.
 That's right.
 Wow, Father, what are we waiting for?
 Come on, Acne Homer! You had to do it again!
 I'm not going to.
 No, and that's all there is to it.
 But that's not fair.
 I don't care. I'm not going through the mill again.
 But we reached that game of Ghost Fair and Square.
 No, you didn't.
 I was free!
 Uncle Homer, he wouldn't do that to you.
 You know, during well, if you started spelling apple sauce, it would end up on me.
 (crowd cheers)
 Girl listen, girls, can't you skip rope or something?
 Well, I sit down and rest.
 I felt nice, she doesn't have to ring.
 But your scout mask is a lady, she's used to this.
 Why don't you go away with the bus?
 Just to pick up some milk for all of you.
 Uncle Homer, I know why.
 Let's play half a long capacity.
 (crowd cheers)
 Nothing.
 Oh, wait.
 Now, brownie.
 Ow!
 Listen, who's the wise guy that threw this last shot?
 She was, girls.
 Will you currently remember that you're ladies?
 Oh, look.
 Here comes the car.
 Oh, where?
 She was.
 That looks like...
 Oh, boy, it is.
 Mr. Aldrich!
 Mr. Aldrich!
 Oh, Homer, where are you going?
 Goodbye, girls.
 And have a very night.
 Oh!
 Now, listen.
 Who tripped me?
 We didn't trip you.
 You're still laughing.
 Who'll get it off me?
 When I go home or hop along, never let this man get away.
 But girls, now cars, they're driving away.
 Mr. Aldrich, you can't leave me like this.
 Who girls, please? Mr. Aldrich, wait.
 The girls, won't you please?
 Now listen, you little brownies.
 Let go of that robe.
 (upbeat music)
 - Why don't Uncle Homer have to go to Crystal Brook?
 - To meet the mystery bus.
 - But who's going to be our leader?
 - I suppose, I suppose I am your leader temporarily.
 - You are?
 (crowd cheering)
 What's your name?
 - I guess you can just call me Uncle Sam.
 - Uncle Sam.
 - How do you do?
 And now that we've been properly introduced,
 but one of you mind untying me?
 (upbeat music)
 But Mr. Fuller, don't you, hello?
 Hello?
 - I'm still here, Al.
 - Well, don't you think I've waited long enough for that kid?
 This was supposed to be a five minute stop
 and I've been here for more than a half hour.
 - Well, Al, are you sure you looked everywhere?
 - Everywhere.
 - Did you look at that?
 - Of course, that was the first place I checked.
 (audience laughing)
 This kid just disappeared off the face of the earth. Mr. Fuller the other kids are getting pretty restless
 They are sure they're starting their picnic right on the bus. They got their lunches open
 They've even got a phonograph going they're dancing in the aisle
 What sure when I left the gym team was trying to build a pyramid I'll get started quick
 Well, that's another thing mr. Fuller unless so much time here
 I don't see how I'm gonna make it the crystal brook and still get back at a decent hour
 Oh
 Now I'll have any of those kids found out where they're going well now mr. Fuller
 you know me better than that.
 Well then, maybe you better go up to the state park instead.
 Okay, and Mr. Fuller, while I got you on.
 Yes?
 Is there any chance am I getting back on that straight downtown run?
 [MUSIC]
 Come on, Henry, admit it.
 You don't know where you're going.
 Sure I do.
 Sure I do.
 This dirt road leads to the main highway.
 Now, boys, this is all rich.
 He's your son.
 Hasn't he got a terrible sense of direction?
 Homer, for a person who started out on a mystery bus trip
 and ended up with a load of brownies,
 you're a fine one to talk.
 Now, boys, suppose we all relax
 and keep our eyes open for a sign.
 OK.
 Mrs. Allrich, would you like to finish the sandwich?
 What?
 Homer, don't you feel well?
 Not very.
 Well, Homer, I told you not to sprinkle all that curry powder
 on the only sandwich there was.
 She was what a terrible day.
 Now Homer, when we get to Crystal Brook, I'll say that you get a nice hot lunch.
 Frankly, I think I'd prefer something nice cold.
 And they're there.
 What?
 You see that farmhouse? That's the second time we passed it.
 Homer, you're crazy.
 I am not.
 Here, are you sure?
 Of course. I remember it had a red barn.
 Homer, did you ever see a farmhouse that didn't have a red barn?
 Plenty of them.
 Well, that just shows how much you know about agriculture.
 Now, Henry, let's not run around in circles.
 Suppose you just go in there and ask.
 Okay, but it's just a waste of time.
 Tell me if they look like nice people.
 See if they'll give you a glass of water.
 Okay, oh my goodness.
 My goodness, I hope I don't have this much trouble
 when I drive back to pick up Mr. Aldrich.
 She was, I forgot all about him.
 Do you think he'll hold it against me, Mrs. Aldrich?
 Hold what there?
 He's getting stuck with those kids.
 Oh, of course he won't.
 Why, Mr. Aldrich is very fond of children.
 Yeah, what is he fond of Hoppler and Cassidy?
 I don't know but I'm sure he's having the time of his life.
 She was locked.
 Is that a bus?
 Yeah.
 And I'll be darn if it doesn't look like.
 She was it is. It's the mystery bus.
 Are you sure?
 Positive.
 But what's it doing all the way up here?
 Oh my don't waste a second.
 Go right in there and get Henry and I'll stop the bus.
 Henry, Henry come quick.
 Stop! Stop!
 What's the matter lady?
 Bridge out?
 No but I've got two passengers that belong on your bus.
 On this bus? The mystery bus?
 That's right.
 They fell off?
 No.
 You mean they jumped out of a window?
 And the no.
 But where are they?
 I'm way behind.
 Holy smoke.
 Look at this.
 My goodness.
 It's another bus.
 Hey, who's that?
 Charlie, is that you?
 Well, yeah.
 What are you doing way up here?
 Well, it's a long story, Charlie.
 Would you mind backing up and letting me buy?
 Oh, well, I think you better back up.
 You see, I've got to get this milk back to my brownies.
 But, Charlie, you don't know what these kids are doing to my bus.
 I've got to get them to someplace where they can get out.
 I know, but wait a second.
 If we could get this car out of the way,
 Lady, could you move that car over a little?
 Well, my son took the keys, but he should be right out.
 Is that him now?
 No, that--
 Oh, where's Henry?
 Does all of it something terrible has happened?
 Oh, my goodness, what?
 Him who went into the bathroom to get me a drink of water,
 see?
 And--
 Him?
 Oh, no.
 Yes, ma'am.
 He's stuck in there again.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And Mrs. Aldrich, I want to thank you for taking the trouble to come down here.
 Why, Mr. Fuller, it was nothing. I just wanted to be sure those two drivers wouldn't have
 to take all the blame.
 I understand.
 Because if it wasn't for our car being stuck in the first place, that driver would never
 have tried going through the field.
 Well, it was a rather unusual situation.
 My goodness, yes. I certainly never heard of anyone trying to raise rice in this state
 before. No. And as far as the other bus is concerned, I'm afraid I was the one who suggested
 that he drive in and pull the first one out. Mrs. Aldrich, I'm sure your intentions were
 the best. As a matter of fact, you had your own problems at the time. Yes. Well, how did
 they get your son out of there? Why, the Jim teen built up lovely pyramid. Oh, here's
 Henry now. Hello, Mother. Oh, hello, Mr. Fuller. Hello, son. I hope your class wasn't
 to disappointed about the mystery bus ride ending up like that.
 She was. No. They say they had a wonderful time right there on the bus.
 Yes. So I heard that reminds me I have to call AC and ask him the name of that company
 that wanted to buy some of our old buses.
 Excuse me, Mr. Fuller.
 Yes, Ms. Arnold.
 I've just had a call from a little grocery up near the state park in regard to that bus
 load of brownies.
 They've been found?
 Yes. They just arrived at this grocery store.
 In the bus?
 No, they just came down the road marching and singing.
 For heaven's sake, tell them we'll send a bus right out.
 Well, the person who calls says they want to hike all the way into town.
 They do?
 Yes, except there's an old man with them who refuses to budge another step.
 What?
 Oh boy.
 Miss, would you please call back and tell that old man that his wife is on her way out to get him right now?
 [Music]
 Hi, Ho, Ho, wait a minute!
 She was stuck, and here comes Stringbean Kid, and she was...
 Too late.
 Hi, Homer. Hi, Henry.
 Say, I want to ask you both to party, I'm throwing for the gang tonight.
 Well, I'll tell you Stringbean.
 You can see it's this way, Stringbean.
 And we didn't hear about the swell, each were having.
 Oh, oh, we are sure, and I made it myself.
 A big batch of brownies.
 All you want to eat, brownies.
 Now listen, string bean.
 Well, now maybe Homer's fed up for the moment on that word,
 but I know a word, kids, can never hear too often,
 and that's jello for dessert.
 Yes, jello, in those six delicious flavors,
 strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime.
 All six rich with wonderful locked-in goodness.
 so tempting and fruit-like, it reminds you of a cherry orchard on the berry patch.
 So look for those big red letters on the box. They spell "Jello" and "Jello" spells a tree.
 The name "Jello" is a registered trademark of general food.
 The Aldrich family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer.
 It's written by Norman Tocar and Ed Jourist with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich, our house, Jamison, and Catherine Roth.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying,
 "The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 [music]
 Oh, the Big Red letters stand for the Jell-O family.
 Oh, the Big Red letters stand for the Jell-O family.
 That's Jell-O.
 The Union, Union.
 Jell-O puddings.
 Yum, yum, yum.
 Jell-O, that's Be-O, the puddings just are here.
 Friends, our governmental independence drive going on right now reminds us all over again
 that buying United States savings bonds is the safest savings plan in the world and a
 very profitable investment.
 For every three dollars invested in e-bonds today, you receive four dollars in ten short
 years.
 Buy more United States savings bonds.
 It means security for you and for your country.
 [Music]
 Say, listen to this.
 It's new, it's new, it can't be beat.
 The grandest treat you ever did eat.
 Post, sugar, crisp.
 As a cereal, it's sandy.
 For snack, it's so handy.
 Or eat it like candy.
 As a cereal of sandy.
 Or eat it like candy.
 Post, sugar, crisp.
 Look for the red, white, and blue cellophane bag with the three little bears.
 That's post-sugar crisp.
 Today, enjoy this honey of a new cereal that's fun to eat.
 [MUSIC]
 Next, Robert Young stars in Father Knows Best on NBC.
 (bells ringing)
 (gentle music)
 (buzzing)
