 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, mother!
 The Aldrich family!
 A special rebroadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And now for the Aldrich family with Dick Jones as Henry
 and Jackie Calcas-Homer.
 There's one secret a teenage boy like Henry Aldrich never
 knows.
 The troubles he can get into are familiar to all grownups.
 His mishaps of today are his memories of tomorrow.
 The scene opens at the Center for Railroad Square.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Homer, look at her.
 Look at her.
 Oh boy, is she good-looking?
 Oh boy, Henry.
 That's a loud Homer.
 Look at her.
 She must be coming to visit the Clark.
 Oh boy, Henry.
 What are you supposed to name this?
 How should I know what her name is?
 She's kissing Charlie Clark's mother.
 Oh boy.
 And now she's kissing Charlie's father.
 Oh boy.
 And now she's-- she's shaking hands with Charlie.
 Oh.
 Listen, Homer, close your mouth.
 Look, Henry, they're putting her in the car
 and driving off with you.
 Where do you suppose they're going?
 Up to Charlie's house.
 Hey look, she dropped something, Homer.
 Come on, let's see what it is.
 Hey, Charlie, your friend dropped something.
 Hey, Charlie, come back.
 Here it is.
 It's an envelope.
 An envelope?
 Is it for me?
 No, Homer.
 (audience laughing)
 It's got a name on it.
 Miss Dorothy Hopkins.
 Dorothy Hopkins?
 Do you suppose that's her name?
 Is there anything in the envelope?
 No.
 Listen, give me that.
 What are you gonna do with it?
 I'm gonna keep it.
 Boy, I haven't seen a girl that good
 Looking all winter.
 (dramatic music)
 - Come on, Henry.
 This next block down there is where Charlie Clark lives.
 Boy, wait 'til I ever ask Charlie to do me a favor again.
 You just wait, Homer.
 - Did he hang up when you asked him
 if you could meet Dorothy?
 - Sure he did.
 Look out, I'm gonna start limping.
 - Henry, that's no way to do it.
 You mean you're just gonna limp in and meet Dorothy?
 Why not?
 She whiz.
 Henry, you've gotta do it right.
 You've gotta fall down right in front of the car town.
 For sure.
 You mean, just walk along and then all of a sudden fall down?
 No.
 You start running, see?
 And then I'll trip you, and then I'll carry you in.
 Now listen, Homer, I'm not gonna do anything like that.
 I can fall down without your help of me.
 Come on, we'll just be jogging along.
 OK.
 And just as you fall, Henry, be laughing.
 Well, here I go, Homer.
 Now listen, Henry, what did you do this to me for?
 Did you fall down too, Homer?
 You can't get up.
 I can't get up.
 Homer, you didn't fall any harder than I did.
 Come on over here and pick me up.
 Boy, I think I broke my arm.
 Oh, no, you didn't.
 I know you, Homer.
 You're just trying to get Dorothy's sympathy.
 Now, come on.
 I've got a lie here until you pick me up.
 Well, hold up your head so I can get a hold of you.
 Easy now, Homer.
 Easy.
 Why, you didn't hurt yourself.
 That doesn't make any difference.
 Is anyone looking out the window yet?
 Can I stop trying to show off and give me some cooperation?
 Boy, are you heavy.
 Look, help me up the steps.
 And don't forget, as soon as she gets me straighten out on the sofa,
 you're just so you've got to beat it home and get me some rubbing you in a minute.
 Oh, no, I don't.
 I stay right there with you.
 I don't trust you.
 Someone's coming to the door.
 They are?
 Listen, Homer, why'd you drop me for her?
 Hello there, boys.
 What's going on here?
 Oh, hello, Mr. Clark.
 Henry, what are you lying there on the porch for?
 Why, I tell you, Mr. Clark, Homer, I mean, I just fell down.
 Didn't anyone see me out the window?
 Oh no, did you hurt yourself?
 Well, just as soon as I get in on the sofa, Mr. Clark, I think I'll be all right.
 Well, if you hurt your leg pretty bad, you just put your arm around my shoulder and let me lead you.
 See, that'd be swell, Mr. Clark.
 All right, here we go.
 But Mr. Clark, we're going down the steps.
 That's right, I've got my car out here, now it's just on my way downtown and now.
 But Mr. Clark, we were on our way inside.
 Well, Homer, you get around the other side of Henry.
 Yes, sir. But where are we going?
 Down to the hospital. I'll have him there in two minutes.
 To the hospital?
 Listen, Henry, I'm going home.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Homer, what did you drop me a damn for?
 [CHEERING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Henry, are you home?
 I'm sure I'm home, Homer. Who's in jail over here?
 Nobody. I just thought I'd come over and see how...
 Listen, Henry, what happened at the hospital?
 Nothing, Homer. Nothing at all.
 Well, who would they do to you?
 They didn't do anything.
 From Mr. Clark was trying to get someone to take care of me,
 I sneaked out and ran home.
 She is. And he doesn't know where you are?
 No. How could he?
 Well, listen, Henry. You know that envelope of Dorothy's you picked up?
 Yeah. Well, why don't we call her up and tell her we found it?
 Homer, you're crazy. Why would she want with an empty envelope?
 She probably threw it away.
 Alright, alright, then let's not tell what it is.
 We'll just say we've got something of hers,
 and would she like to have us bring it over?
 Where's the phone?
 Now wait a minute, Homer, did Nysh your first?
 Did Nysh pick up the envelope?
 Isn't this my phone?
 Hello?
 Hello operator?
 But him, Aaron, too crazy about your old in love.
 Why'd be a pig in a manger?
 Oh, I want L-889.
 L-889?
 But, G-Henry, don't you realize I like her too?
 And I and I, your friend.
 But sure, Homer, of course you are.
 That's why I'm gonna ask Dorothy whether she doesn't have a friend who would like to meet you.
 Oh no you're not. Every time anybody meets a pretty girl they say can she get a friend someplace behind her?
 And boy what a beating I've taken.
 Bob? Bob is this Charlie Carr?
 Yes who's this?
 Wait it's just... just...
 Oh?
 Well why um is Miss Dorothy Hopkins visiting you?
 Listen Henry Aldrich is that you?
 Wait... yes. Oh hello Charlie I thought I recognized your voice.
 What do you want to talk to Dorothy for?
 Never mind. I happen to have a very important message for him.
 And I think she'd like very much to have me give it to her personally.
 Is that so? All right. Hold the line a second.
 You mean you're going to call her? Charlie?
 Is he going to hit me? Is he going to?
 Sure he's going to. He can't bluff me, Homer.
 I'll say he can. That's the only way to handle Charlie.
 Just talk right up to him and put him in his place.
 Hello? Oh. Hello.
 I... I...
 Is that you?
 Yes?
 Well, yeah, I guess you wonder...
 I'm Henry Orr, you see, and...
 Probably Charlie hasn't told you, but...
 I play center on a basketball team.
 Yes, I know!
 You know?
 Is that a ride?
 Did you happen to know about the track meet I was in last spring?
 I mean, well, I didn't win in the first, but I got two-thirds,
 and I might have won the poll vote if I hadn't broken my poll.
 Yes, I know how about it!
 Is that a ride?
 Well, I guess I know almost as much about you too.
 I saw you downtown this morning.
 You did?
 Down by the station.
 Boy, the man I saw you.
 Boy.
 The station? I wasn't down at the station today.
 Sure you were. And you dropped something.
 Wouldn't you like to have me bring it over?
 Is this Henry Aldridge?
 Sure, isn't this Dorothy Hopkins?
 No, it's Geraldine Love.
 How'd you know I was over here at Charlie Parks?
 Geraldine?
 Geraldine, not Dorothy?
 You're Geraldine Long.
 Henry, all, should you think you were talking to Donnie Hopkins like that?
 How'd you get on the phone?
 Charlie told me you wanted to speak to me.
 And if you're that hot-up to me, if you're clean as of any girl that happens to come into town,
 Henry, would you go after her?
 He never mind. Just forget the whole thing. Goodbye.
 Come on, Henry. Shall we start over?
 No, Homer. I think we'd better just rock the whole thing.
 whole thing.
 (Music)
 Hello Mr. Allerich speaking.
 Hello Mr. Allerich this is Mr. Clark.
 Oh yes Mr. Clark good morning.
 I'm sorry to bother you but I'm down at the hospital and I need some advice.
 Yes?
 Have you been in an accident?
 Well no not exactly that.
 Well whatever it is I'll be glad to help you out.
 What's the trouble?
 Well I don't know how to begin.
 Have you heard from Henry?
 A man, Ray? No. No, why would I hear from him?
 Well, I guess I better tell you the whole thing, Mr. Aldrich.
 I don't want to upset you, but he fell down in front of our house, eh?
 Yes. And he's over at the hospital?
 Well, he was here, but when I stepped out of the receiving room for a minute, he disappeared.
 He disappeared? What became of it?
 Well, that's what we don't know. I have phoned your house a couple of times. The line was busy, but let me assure you there ain't anything to worry about, Mr. Aldrich.
 I just think you should know about it.
 Yes, of course. Was he able to walk?
 to walk by yes yes at least I helped him in another car and nobody's only the
 hospital so we think he must still be around here yes well I'll be right down
 and Mr. Clark all I have to do is call the courthouse and cancel two hearings
 well how you about it Mr. Aldrich could you call my secretary and tell me to
 cancel all my appointments for this morning well that's very kind of you
 Mr. Clark I'd be glad to call her
 Now listen Charlie Clark, go on, get away from in front of our house.
 You make me Henry, you make me.
 Henry come on, close your window and ignore him.
 Homer stop pulling on my shirt.
 They know how to handle Charlie.
 Charlie I want to tell you something.
 You're standing out there on my father's front lawn.
 And he spent a lot of money on grass seed last fall.
 And if none of it comes up next summer, I'm going to tell him who's the cause of it.
 And let me tell you something.
 What is it you've got that belongs to Dorothy Hopkins?
 And why should I tell you?
 Because she's my cousin and she told me to come over and get it, that's why.
 Is that so?
 Well, in the first place, I don't even have anything.
 Oh, yes you have. Oh, yes you have.
 And what's more, I know what it is.
 All right, then what is it?
 What is it?
 Never mind, never mind.
 But you've got to throw it down to me right away.
 And I want to tell you another thing, a bit breaks when you throw it.
 You're responsible.
 Is that so?
 That shows you how much you know.
 Hey, Henry, keep him there a second.
 Will I go get a glass of water to throw it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Only instead of just a glass full, get a lot.
 Henry, for the last time, do you hear me?
 Yes, I hear you.
 So you want me to throw something down to you, huh?
 Yes, I do.
 Well, come up here under the window
 so you can really catch it.
 Why?
 Charlie, I hope you don't think I'm gonna throw anything
 as valuable as this to your way out there
 and have you miss it.
 All right, then I'm standing closer.
 That isn't close enough.
 Come a little closer.
 How about this?
 Here you are, Henry.
 Here's the water.
 What can I have got in here?
 Oh, she's risen.
 What would you do, fill a bathroom waste basket?
 (audience laughs)
 Hurry up, I can hardly carry you.
 Here, let me have it.
 Oh, no, Henry, I can shoot straight of the new can.
 OK, but wait until I tell you to.
 Oh, Charlie, hurry up.
 I'm hurrying.
 I just want to explain one thing.
 When you see Dorothy, be sure you have tarred.
 You asked for it.
 Stand back, Henry.
 Henry?
 Oh, she was, mother's at you down there.
 Henry, look out.
 Oh, don't throw it.
 What are you doing up in that window, Henry?
 Right.
 Just getting some fresh air, mother.
 I'm closing it.
 Now listen Henry, look what you make me do.
 Oh boy, you homework.
 Yes, but all over my room.
 All over your room.
 All over myself.
 Look at her.
 Well, don't stand there looking at yourself.
 Come on, help me mop it up before it leaks through to the living room.
 What do I mop it up with?
 Here.
 Here, use my pajamas.
 Have one of them for a week anyhow.
 Come on.
 Charlie Clark's still out there.
 I don't know, and I don't care.
 Oh, yes, mother?
 Is that you downstairs?
 Hello.
 - Will you come down here right, isn't it, Katie?
 - Yes, mother, sure.
 Do you notice anything leaking?
 I mean, it's everything all right down there.
 - What?
 - Hey, Mom, what's the idea of mopping up
 and ringing it right out on the floor again?
 (audience laughing)
 - I'm ringing it, Mrs. Bazbear.
 - Can't wait!
 - Yes, mother, don't bother to come all the way up here.
 You saved yourself.
 I'm coming down there.
 - Then please hurry.
 - Oh, you mean, you wanna have a talk with me
 about something?
 - Yes, dear, and I want you to sit down here.
 - Yes, mother.
 I've just been having a talk with Charlie Clark and to say the least Henry, I'm surprised.
 You're surprised?
 Yes.
 And don't keep looking up at the ceiling. Please look at me and let the ceiling take care of itself.
 Oh, excuse me. What did Charlie Clark say?
 Now what do you think he said? He said you stole something that belongs to a cousin of his named Dorothy Hopkins.
 He said that? He said I stole something from her?
 Yes, dear. And I don't think Charlie would say a thing like that if he didn't have a reason, would he?
 But, Mother, I give you my word. I don't steal things. Not from anybody.
 Remember, the only time I ever stole anything in my life was that pocket full of candy out of a box in your bureau drawer
 about five years ago, and I got caught, and it made me sick. And the site I didn't like it.
 Ben, do you know why Charlie said you took comfort?
 Well, all I can say is he certainly got a powerful imagination.
 He told me that what you have of this Darth is extremely valuable.
 He said that. He said that.
 He certainly did, and he's going all around town saying you stole it, and I'm going to do something about it.
 (
 (Music)
 (Music)
 (Music)
 Calling Dr. Weston, calling Dr. Weston.
 (Music)
 Did you have a talk with the nurse, Mr. Olga?
 I've had a talk with all the nurses. I've just had a talk with the gentleman at the head of this hospital.
 And what did he say?
 He said Henry couldn't possibly be here. He's never had anyone disappear in his hospital before.
 And that's cooperation for you.
 for you. Oh he's doing all he can and Mr. Clark I want you to stop feeling that
 this is all your fault. Mr. Orange I don't want to worry you but I've been
 thinking when I first picked Henry up he was talking about his leg and maybe it
 was but but what you don't think he could have hit his head too do you.
 The Aldrich family will be back in just a moment in the meantime here's a
 selection by Alan Roth and the orchestra.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (dramatic music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (jazz music)
 (upbeat music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 [applause]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 In his efforts to meet the new girl that's in town,
 Henry first tried to make out he heard his leg.
 Next he let her to believe that an empty envelope, which he dropped at the station,
 is really something of considerable value.
 As the scene opens at Charlie Clark's house, the young lady in question is speaking.
 Oh, I don't blame you, Charlie. I agree with you entirely.
 And I'm glad to hear you say that, Dorothy.
 Charlie, I wonder what it could be of mine that Henry Aldrich has.
 You mean you're having any idea what it is?
 I can't think of anything.
 Unless it could be my wristwatch.
 Oh, your wristwatch. You've lost it?
 Well, I haven't lost it exactly. I thought I left it at home on my bureau.
 Because the catch was broken on the stress.
 But it still might be your watch, my nit?
 Well, tell me, after he refused to throw it out, what did you say?
 I said, listen, Henry Aldrich, I don't intend to have any cousin of mine that says,
 "Find a young lady as Dorothy Hopkins is, insulted like this."
 Oh, really? Then what did he say?
 He didn't say anything. He thought I was going to climb up the side of the house and beat him up,
 so he closed the window.
 You scared him? You really did?
 Sure I did. I even told his mother on him.
 Well, frankly, I don't blame Geraldine Muff for getting mad at these bad kind of a boy.
 And did you see Geraldine stuck out of here and beat it home?
 She said she was never going to speak to Henry again.
 I know. And did you notice she was sort of mad at me too?
 It wasn't my fault he took my watch.
 You mean he did take it? I thought you said he didn't take it.
 Well, Charlie, the more I think about it, the more I think about it,
 maybe I didn't leave my watch at home.
 Maybe I did put it on just absent-mindedly,
 and when I got off at the station, that's where I dropped it.
 Sure you did, of course you did.
 What do you suppose that is?
 I don't know, but I'd be willing to make a bet as to who it is.
 It's probably Henry.
 Really? Do you think you're really scared
 in the debris in my watch bag?
 Sure I did.
 You should have heard me talk to him, Dorothy.
 How do you do, Charlie? This is Mrs. Aldrich.
 Oh, how do you do?
 Is your mother in, Charlie?
 No, ma'am, she isn't Mrs. Aldrich.
 Are you quite sure?
 Yes, ma'am.
 She got word that my father's down at the hospital,
 so she went down there.
 Oh, really?
 I didn't know your father had gone to the hospital.
 Oh, I'm terribly sorry to hear it,
 especially at a time like this.
 Did you bring Dorothy's watch over Mrs. Aldrich?
 Her watch?
 Yes, ma'am.
 Didn't Henry confess to you?
 You know, Henry, the more I think about it, the more I wonder.
 The more you wonder what?
 Whether we shouldn't come right out and tell the truth.
 But all we picked up was an empty envelope with Dorothy's name on it.
 Homer, you're crazy.
 Do you think if we did say that, anybody'd believe us?
 Why wouldn't they?
 You'd say, "Why did we pick up an empty envelope?"
 As a matter of fact, why did we?
 Don't you remember Homer?
 Dorothy's a darn good looking girl.
 I know, Henry, but no girl's worth what we're going through.
 That's no way to talk, Homer.
 I don't mind being persecuted like this for her sake.
 As a matter of fact, my mother will probably straighten
 the whole thing out.
 She's over there right now.
 Boy, will she make a fool out of Charlie?
 Of course she will.
 And do you know what I have a good mind to do?
 I think I'll call a Clark's house and if both the answers I'll say.
 Dorothy, could you deliver a very important message to Charlie?
 Who you may think is a gentleman but I happen to know a couple of things about him.
 I wouldn't tell him how much you paid me.
 Because I'm not the kind that goes around talking about people.
 Boy, that'll hold him.
 Sure.
 What's the message?
 What message?
 She was there, she is right now.
 She's calling me Homer.
 I'll answer it, Henry.
 Now listen, Homer, she probably wants to call me and apologize.
 But Henry, why don't you let me answer it and make out you don't want to talk to her?
 Why would I do that?
 Then she'll be all the more sorry. She tweeted you like a dog
 Hello, hello is this Elm 303 wait, yes, sir. Homer is that you yes, sir? Is that you father?
 It is not this is mr. Allridge. Oh, excuse me. Did you want me to go home?
 Wait, I'm just sitting here reading a good book mr. Allridge
 Where's Mrs. Allridge? She's going over to the clerks mr. Allridge over to the clerks
 Then she knows about it about why about Henry. Oh, you know too if she comes in tell her I'm on my way home
 I'm just trying to get in touch with Henry. Goodbye. He's right here. Mr. Aldrich. Mr. Aldrich does Dorothy want me homework?
 No, your father's looking for you anyone should have come right home now. Listen I am home
 She wins and what do you suppose he wants?
 Yes, mother did you straighten everything out over Charlie's? I'm afraid I did not in fact
 Dear, you and I are going to have the one of the most serious talks we've ever had.
 What about that watch, dear?
 That watch?
 What watch?
 That belongs to Dorothy Hopkins and you won't get back to her.
 Why?
 Now, dear, I realize you probably don't appreciate how extremely serious this is.
 But keeping a piece of expensive jewelry, Henry, that belongs to somebody else, just as a souvenir,
 is not as funny as you apparently think it is.
 But, mama, I don't even know what you're talking about.
 Mrs. Aldrich, may I say just one thing?
 You may not, Homer.
 Were you with Henry when he took the watch?
 Yes ma'am. No ma'am.
 What, why?
 - How about... - Yes ma'am.
 - May I have a word for you? - Yes ma'am, but please go in the dining room.
 I want to have a talk with you in there.
 And Henry, you're to stay right here. Yes, mother. But mother.
 I don't want to talk to you now.
 Listen, Henry, has something happened today that you haven't told me about it?
 Sam, I'm awfully glad you came home.
 No, Alice, I know how upset you must be about Henry, but let's not go all to pieces.
 Then you know about Henry?
 Of course I know about him. Mr. Clark and I have been downtown working on it all afternoon.
 - Really? - But everything's going to be alright, Alice.
 He's reported it to the police.
 - Stand the police!
 Mr. Clark went to the police about it.
 - I'll admit, I didn't know he was going to do it,
 but sooner or later, that would have known about it anyhow, Alice.
 - But dear, it does seem to...
 My goodness, Sam, do you realize it'll probably even be in the paper?
 - And what if it is?
 Don't you think the public should be warned in case they see him?
 - Yeah, I can't believe I only hear.
 - That's the phone.
 - I'll answer it. You sit down. You look tired.
 In fact, you must be tired.
 You wouldn't have let a thing like this happen.
 I am trying.
 Well, just as soon as I get through with this,
 I'll try and get some lunch for you.
 Though personally, I couldn't eat a thing.
 I'll add you the phone for you, mother.
 You will?
 That's for me.
 I'm in no condition to speak to anyone.
 She had to be glad to do anything
 that would make you feel better.
 12.
 Hello?
 This is police headquarters.
 I'm calling about Henry Orange.
 About who?
 Henry Orange.
 But please, is that right?
 How did you--
 I mean, oh boy.
 Henry, can you say police?
 Who is this, me?
 Well, let me explain how the whole thing happened.
 I happen to be down by the station this morning and the star good looking girl.
 I mean we didn't see anything of a watch. It was just an empty envelope.
 What? What about his hand?
 What's that?
 I'll choose that right the amnesia.
 Who? What kind of a watch?
 Look maybe I better come up there and talk with you.
 She was you don't have to come up here. It was only an empty envelope.
 Hello? Hello?
 Who? She who is?
 Henry is that you?
 Yes Father, are you home?
 May I ask what you're doing here?
 Wait, I was just answering the telephone.
 I mean, were you looking for me?
 Henry, what happened to you?
 Wait.
 Here's the whole story, Father.
 I was going by the clerks this morning, see?
 Yes.
 And you fell down, didn't you?
 Oh, yes.
 I've forgotten all about that.
 Do you mean you don't remember what has happened since?
 Well, an awful lot has happened.
 I think I remember it all, but it doesn't seem to fit together.
 And it's all mixed up?
 Yes.
 At least I can't understand it.
 Henry!
 Did someone here that wants to see you?
 He's a police.
 No, Henry, it's Dorothy Hopkins.
 Who?
 And I just wanted to say that I phoned over to Addison City,
 and my walk has been home all the time.
 So you couldn't possibly have it.
 I know it.
 I never said I did.
 You said you had something very valuable of mine.
 Well, I did.
 But it's only valuable to me.
 I mean, you wouldn't even run it.
 It's only this empty envelope.
 My goodness, Henry, where did you find that?
 Now, at the station--
 Well, that's very valuable to me too.
 I need that address on the back.
 Yes, the address of the boy I'm engaged to.
 That you're engaged to?
 And I do thank you for saving it for me, Henry.
 And I'm awfully sorry to have caused so much trouble.
 That's all right, Dorothy.
 It was certainly nice of you to come over, wasn't it, Sam?
 What's that?
 Oh, yes, yes.
 Alice, may I ask one?
 And Dorothy, before you go, how is Mr. Clark?
 Mr. Clark?
 Yes, isn't he down with the hospital?
 The hospital?
 I'm glad you mentioned it, Alice.
 Where's the telephone?
 Goodbye, Henry.
 So long, Dorothy.
 I'm very glad you've met you.
 Thanks.
 And I'm very glad to have met you.
 -Homer! -Homer, where are you?
 I'm under the sofa. I have to call you one.
 Anyone go back to work and drop them in.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 (applause)
 (music)
 Henry, I got him, I got him.
 You got him, Homer.
 Charlie Clark, he's down at the front door, and I just dumped a bucket of water out on him.
 Listen, Homer, I didn't say that was Charlie Clark down there.
 That's Mr. Clark.
 Who?
 Henry Orrry!
 Yes, Father, I know what you want.
 I'm going right to bed.
 And you've been discontinued by allowance for the next four weeks.
 [Music]
 The Aldrich family is written by Clifford Goldsmith with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are house Jamesons and Catherine Raw.
 This rebroadcast of the Aldrich family is a presentation of the Armed Forces Radio Service.
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
