 [Music]
 The Special Service Division presents a rebroadcast of...
 Henry Henry Oldridge.
 Coming, mother.
 [Applause]
 For all you men and women in the armed forces of the United Nations,
 here's the Aldrich family.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Teenage boys like Henry Olrich go on forever and ever.
 They go on getting into all sorts of complications
 and sometimes out of them.
 They go on creating memories for everyone to look back upon.
 The time has sattered in noon.
 The scene opens and the Aldrich dining room.
 Have some more--
 what is this, Alice?
 That's macaroni, Sam.
 Macaroni?
 Oh, yes.
 Henry, would you have some?
 No, thank you, Father.
 Mother?
 Yes, Mary.
 Will you ask Henry to please pass me the salt?
 Here he's sitting right across from you.
 Why can't you ask him yourself?
 Never mind.
 Mother, do you want me to tell you
 why she won't ask me for it?
 She isn't speaking to me.
 Mother, would you like to have me go out
 to the kitchen and get some more muffins?
 If you please, Mary.
 Yes, Mary, please.
 - Kenley, I wasn't speaking to you. - You did them though.
 Didn't she, mother? Didn't she, father?
 Never mind, Henry.
 Now, that's what's gotten into Mary, anyhow.
 She's simply in a mood, Sam.
 She doesn't like that new dress I bought her.
 No? Well, frankly, I can't blame her.
 Now, Sam, that's a serviceable dress.
 And it's a nice dress.
 And I don't think we're going to gain anything
 by you saying you don't like it.
 I didn't tell her I didn't like it. I told you.
 No, I know, dear, but you didn't tell her you did like it, did you?
 No.
 I told her I liked it, mother.
 I told her just like you said I should.
 Yes, Henry. She was. I even said she looked like a new person in it.
 No, she won't speak to me. Mother, do you want me to fix the dessert?
 I'll fix it, Mary. Sam, when she comes in, you tell her how nice she looks in it.
 Now, Alice, what's the difference?
 Well, Sam, it did cost $20. And it can't be exchanged.
 Oh, well...
 Mother, did you say you'd fix it?
 I'll take care of it, Mary. I'm going right out there.
 Father, would you please ask Henry whether you would like one of these muffins? I'm holding under his nose.
 She was, Mary. You don't have to put them right down my neck. Oh.
 Father, would you like one?
 Mary, isn't that...
 Mary, turn around a minute.
 What's the matter?
 Hmm...
 Very nice.
 Isn't that a new dress?
 Father, did Mother tell you to say that?
 What's that? What do you mean that she tell me to?
 She was, Mary. Don't you believe anyone anymore?
 Well, I certainly don't believe you, Henry Aldrich.
 Making up some awful story about a soldier.
 Mary, I didn't say it was a soldier.
 I said it was a sergeant.
 What about a sergeant?
 Father, I just happened to tell her that I was down in the Haven's drugstore this morning
 when she came in with that dress on and when she went out some sergeant said she
 was who's that swelled as girl yeah and we are just making it up why would you
 do that mary as matter of fact henry isn't that the same sergeant you were
 speaking to me about which sergeant was that father the one that was admiring
 mary oh sure sure now father don't you start who me
 mary henry told me the whole story just a minute ago while you were out in the
 kitchen
 uh... henry tell of the rest of what he said what's that
 you know i didn't even want her phone number or something because he wanted
 to meet her
 oh yes sure
 and mary didn't i
 but didn't i mention that you never even thought of it until father just
 mentioned it
 why mary all right all right what was his name and why you know why you see that
 henry and i'll wait a minute you're just driving it out of my head what was
 his name was
 as sergeant berg
 that's right henry joe berg
 What father? Sergeant Joe Burch wasn't it?
 Yes sure for a minute I didn't understand.
 I still don't believe a word of it.
 Mary looked me straight in the eye.
 No I won't.
 All right then I'll tell you anyhow.
 He said dark brown was his favorite color.
 Oh no I know you're making it up.
 Mary aren't you going to finish your lunch?
 Not at the table with you.
 I'm not.
 Henry you shouldn't have said that about his favorite color.
 You've got to know when to stop in a thing like this.
 Father how about my going to the phone
 and asking Homer to phone Mary and say he's Sergeant Bert.
 Now Henry, remember what I just told you?
 She'd recognize Homer's voice the minute she heard it.
 Ready for your dessert, everybody?
 Sam, where's Mary?
 She left the dining room, Alice.
 What's that?
 We like to dress so much she won't eat with us.
 Now Henry.
 Alice, we told her she looked wonderful
 and she stopped right out of the room.
 The girl's completely unreasonable.
 Well, my goodness.
 Mary, I'll put a stop to that.
 Mary?
 Henry, I know how we can settle this whole thing.
 How?
 Come on with me out to the hall.
 What are you going to do, Father?
 I'm going to put on a phone call.
 I'm going to teach her to believe people when they tell her something.
 - Number please. - Operator, I want Elm 232.
 Elm 232. Father, I thought you said we shouldn't call Homer Brown.
 Hello, well brown speaking.
 - Oh, hello, well, this is Sam. - Father, is that Homer's father?
 Yes, Henry, keep quiet. Say, well, when you talk, can you sound like a sergeant?
 - What's that? - I want you to telephone Mary in a few minutes and tell her your Sergeant Joe Burch.
 - What's that? - Your Sergeant Joe Burch.
 Who is this? I thought it was Sam Aldrich.
 It is, it is, and Will has all I want you to do.
 Father. Father.
 What can I do?
 Is Mary still talking to Mr. Brown on the telephone?
 No, I think she's hung up.
 Boy, did you hear?
 Right up to the end, she kept calling him Sergeant Burge.
 And then just before she hung up she said, "You buy Joe."
 Oh boy!
 Oh, hello Henry.
 Well, how are you?
 I'm fine, Mary.
 Hello Father.
 What's that?
 Oh, hello Mary.
 Henry, could you please step to one side so I can look in the mirror for a second?
 Oh, sure, excuse me.
 Thank you Henry, that's enough.
 Mother!
 Yes Mary.
 Mother, I don't think I'll have to change the neck on this new dress.
 The more I look at it, I don't know.
 What's that, Mary?
 And Henry, I have an apology to make to you.
 So why, Mary?
 To you and Father both.
 Because, to be honest, Joe just called.
 Joe?
 Joe?
 Don't you remember?
 Sergeant Joe Birch, the one who saw me down into Haven's jokes, darn.
 Well...
 Ben is Mary in there.
 Yes, Mother.
 Are you and Father going to be using the living room this evening?
 Why, no.
 Why do you ask?
 Well, Joe's coming over.
 Who?
 What?
 Joe.
 Sergeant Joe Birch.
 Yes, Henry.
 He's coming here.
 Yes, Father.
 Why, he's just a friend who likes... like, he's awfully nice, mother.
 Mary, where did you meet him?
 Well, uh, Henry saw the introduced us.
 Is he nice, Henry?
 Why?
 Nice, mother.
 He's awfully bashful.
 He didn't dare ask to see me, and when I asked him if he wouldn't like to come over tonight, he just stuttered.
 Who did? Well, Father Joe!
 That's what I mean.
 How did I happen to say "well"?
 Well, isn't that nice, Mary?
 Yeah, isn't that nice? Yeah, yes, that's fine.
 Mother, I'm going out and turn on the iron and press this dress.
 Sam.
 Yes, Alice.
 What are you looking at me like that for?
 What do you mean, dear?
 I was just going to ask you whether you think it's alright for Mary to have a boy come here.
 She hardly knows.
 Alice, I agree with you.
 Why don't you go to Mary and put your foot down?
 And tell her she can't have him over?
 Yes, that's the only sensible thing to do.
 Yes, Jim, mother.
 That's what I say.
 When Mr. Brown walks in, what's that?
 Did I say Mr. Brown?
 You said Mr. Brown, and a few minutes ago your father said will.
 Sam, what's that look on your face?
 - What's going on around here? - Alice, I didn't know Mary was going to invite him over.
 Girls didn't know things like that when we were hurries.
 - Sam Aldrich. - She was, Mother. It was just a joke.
 - A joke, dear. - Alice, what is there to worry about?
 All we have to do is tell Will to phone and tell Mary he can't come.
 - Sure. He has to go back to camp or something.
 - Well, I still do. - Alice, that dress cost $20, didn't it?
 And she likes the dress now, doesn't she? - Yes.
 - But if you mind, if I get a few bottles of ginger ale to serve tonight?
 serve tonight. Well Mary I don't mind mother I'd like to make some sandwiches
 for Joe. Well Mary first of all first of all what mother. Are you sure you'd rather
 not go to the picture show with me this evening. Yes that's a good idea. That's
 what I say and she was Mary it's a swell show tonight. But I've got someone
 coming over. Don't you realize what that means. Well all right dear if you aren't
 here when he comes your father will explain to you. Oh no mother I don't know
 why not look forward to anything so I never dreamed anything like this could
 happened to me I didn't either and right you realize that nearly every boy that I
 really like is in the army and I haven't spent an evening with a goodness just
 think he's a sergeant oh I know dear but how do you know you're gonna like him
 my goodness mother and Julie call I didn't realize how long so I've really been
 oh and now right out of a clear sky you know what I think I'll do I think I'll
 go down the hairdresser well Sam only now Alice don't don't how was I to know
 Oh, she felt this way.
 - See, I don't think I've ever been so upset
 with you and my life of all the childish of all of them.
 - Now, Alice, I told you once the only reason
 I did it was to help you out.
 - To help me out, to help me out,
 to have my own daughter break her heart.
 - Couldn't we have old Mr. Kilmer come in
 from next door and play cards with her this evening?
 She's very fond of him.
 - That would be a fine thing to do.
 - Yes, Henny, where do you get these ideas?
 - Sam, do you realize what's gonna happen to Mary
 this evening when she gets all dressed up
 and sits in the living room and waits and waits and waits?
 I realize that, Alice.
 I don't see how you can ever face her again.
 What are you going?
 I have nothing more to say to you.
 Well, Alice, there's just one thing I want to say.
 I don't like that brown dress and it do well myself.
 Henry, would you mind that walking so fast?
 I've got to, Homer.
 Don't you realize Sergeant Burch is calling on my sister
 It's after five now.
 I thought you said there wasn't any Sergeant Bert.
 There isn't.
 That's why I'm out trying to...
 But trying to find somebody who will say Sergeant Bert.
 And you haven't been able to find anyone?
 No, I haven't even found a Sergeant.
 Oh. Oh.
 Have you looked down at the Empire Bowling Alley?
 Yes, Homer. The place was just full of girls.
 Well, Gee, why don't you give it up, then?
 Oh, no. Don't you realize how mad my father is at me?
 Why?
 I told you three times, Homer, because my mother's mad at him.
 And boy, I'm going to find a sergeant and surprise them.
 Yeah.
 How about--
 How about what?
 How about the jukebox?
 Found the candy kitchen.
 I was in there, too.
 No, I could find was a couple of lieutenant's eating banana splits.
 Oh.
 Wouldn't Mary be interested in one of them?
 Homer, we promised her a sergeant and it's got to be a sergeant.
 Name Bird.
 Name Bird.
 And he's got to like Dark Brown.
 Right!
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello?
 Hello, is this Brown's residence?
 Elizabeth, this is Will.
 Will Brown, your husband?
 Say Elizabeth, Sam, Alders and I are downtown
 trying to dig something up,
 and I may be a little late for dinner.
 We're trying to find a Sergeant Burge.
 No, no, he's not missing.
 We're just... we're just...
 Elizabeth, how about your nephew Ed that enlisted?
 Isn't he a sergeant? Where can I lay my hands on him?
 Oh, Solomon Islands, eh?
 No, I know his name isn't budged.
 Goodbye!
 Sam!
 I'll be right there, Will.
 I was just talking to that soldier over there at the fountain,
 and he said he'd be glad to help us out, only he's got a date.
 Yes, couldn't he bring her along?
 Well, I suggested it, but he said what good would that do?
 And I guess he was right.
 How about... how about... how about what?
 How about what my calling Mary and telling her I've just received orders to leave for Italy now will I've made up my mind tonight at eight o'clock a sergeant
 Birch is going to call on my daughter. Yeah, and nobody is going to be more surprised than my wife
 Possibly it's Henry Sam. How about that fellow over there at the counter? Oh, yes. Hello there soldier. Oh, yes. Hello there. So do you have
 Would you be interested? Are you married?
 What's that?
 Mr. Aldrich here means do you have a date for tonight?
 Sorry, but I do.
 Oh, you do?
 Well, so, do you know of anybody who'd like a good time?
 No.
 Oh, there's a kid in the back room there all along.
 Yes, back this way?
 Yeah, I was talking with him a few minutes ago.
 He just got a letter from his girl.
 Yes?
 It's pretty blue, too.
 I think his girl turned him down.
 Yes?
 Anyhow, she's getting married, I know.
 Yes?
 To a sailor.
 Man, is he sunk.
 She didn't like the way he looked in his uniform.
 Is that right?
 He's sort of blue, eh?
 Yeah.
 Come on, Sam. That sounds like army.
 Thank you, soldier.
 That's okay.
 Hey, Jimmy, what's time I love you?
 Well, do you see him? Which table is he sitting at?
 There he is. He's over in the corner.
 He's reading a letter.
 Oh, yes.
 But well, look, he's a private.
 Now, Sam, you're not going to start splitting hairs
 over a thing like a few stripes, are you?
 If he can walk and can ring a doorbell and say,
 "My name is Joe Birch, take him."
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 We'll be back with the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 Now it's intermission time, and here's our intermission
 guest, the one and only, Tommy Dorsey.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 [Music]
 [applause]
 [music]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Without meaning to Henry and his father have led Mary to believe that a young man by the name of Sergeant Birch
 is calling honor at eight o'clock this evening.
 Once there is no such young man, Henry has gone out to try to find someone who will say
 he's Sergeant Birch.
 Mr. Aldrich, without telling Henry, has gone out to do the same thing.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich front hall.
 Hey, Henry.
 What, Homer?
 Where's Mary?
 She's in the living room, sweeping and dusting it again.
 Boy, didn't I hear the doorbell ring then?
 No, it isn't time for him to come, Homer.
 It's only ten minutes to eight.
 Oh.
 Henry, could you please step out of my way?
 Oh, am I in your way, Mary?
 I'd like to look in this hall mirror if you don't mind.
 Oh, sure.
 Get out of the way, Homer.
 Oh, sure, excuse me.
 And may I ask what you two are snooping around out here by the front door for?
 Nothing, Mary.
 Nothing.
 Can I stand with a guest in my own hall?
 Home of round, if you're going to eat that apple, don't eat it there.
 You're to eat it in the kitchen.
 Henry, do I have to?
 Well...
 Can I have your permission to finish it here and then take the core out to the kitchen?
 Listen, what are you here?
 No.
 No, I thought I heard somebody coming up the front steps.
 What did you have to promise the fellow who said he'd come?
 I didn't have to promise him anything.
 I just told him Mary was a darn good looking girl.
 And she was awfully anxious.
 But she was awfully anxious.
 Oh boy, there's the doorbell.
 There's the doorbell.
 You're crazy.
 It's a telephone.
 Henry, keep away from that phone.
 Oh, and do you want to answer it?
 I do.
 Do you want to get away?
 Yes, Father.
 Homer, stand over there.
 Hello?
 Hello, Sam.
 This is Will.
 Oh, hello.
 Henry, I want you at home to get out of here.
 Yes, Father.
 We'll go.
 She would.
 Hello?
 Sam, has he come?
 Not yet, Will. It isn't quite time.
 Well, I'm not surprised he hasn't turned up.
 Why do you say that?
 I bet you anything you want, Sam.
 The two will never see that $5 you gave him.
 No. Well, that's what I was smart, Will.
 I told him you'd get it when he got here.
 Oh, you're going to have Mary give it to him.
 What's that?
 Father, could you step to one side, please?
 What's the matter, Mary?
 Nothing. I'd just like to look in this mirror once more.
 I want to make sure about something.
 What's that, Sam?
 Nothing, Will. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.
 Father, I have an awful confession to make to you.
 Yes?
 I went downtown this afternoon and bought a brown hat and some suede gloves to go with this dress.
 What's that?
 I don't understand I could, but frankly they cost an awful lot.
 I know, but you're not going to need a hat and glove just to sit in your own living room, are you?
 No, but you can't tell what this may all lead to, Father.
 That's true. That's very true.
 Well, that's fine.
 Mary, did you know you left the broom in the living room?
 Oh my goodness, Mother. I'll go get it.
 Well, Sam.
 Alice, did you let her go and buy a hat and gloves to go with that dress?
 Now, Sam, don't criticize.
 Seems to me you could have found something better to do this afternoon and just go running all around town with Will Brown.
 But Alice.
 I'll answer the teller.
 I know, Alice. You better let me answer it just in case.
 Sam, I'm sorry, but I would like to answer to you.
 Very well. If it's anyone for me, I'll be right in the living room.
 Hello?
 Hello, Alice. Visit Harriet.
 Oh, yes, Harriet. Hello.
 Has he come yet? I mean the boy you found that said he'd be Sergeant Birch.
 No, but it isn't quite time. I've got the chicken already though, Harriet.
 So what?
 The fried chicken and the cake that I promised him if he'd come.
 Oh, yes. I'm glad we found that soldier, Alice.
 He did seem like an awfully nice boy.
 Didn't he, though?
 And Harry, it can't you just pick your Sam's and Henry's faces when he walks in?
 That'll teach him a lesson.
 Harry, I've got to hang up the doorbells ringing.
 Oh, really? Well, call me back and let me know how they get along, Alice.
 Goodbye.
 Mother, isn't that the front door?
 I'll answer it.
 The other side, Alice. I'll answer it.
 But, Father, there we are, Mary, I'll answer it.
 Why can't I answer it?
 Well, you all have to run to the door.
 Mary, don't you think it would look better?
 My goodness, who's Joe coming to see? My family or me?
 I know, Mary, but...
 Now Henry, let me take care of this.
 Mary, as long as you've never met him, wouldn't you like to have me introduce him?
 Father, I have met him. I've talked to him on the telephone.
 But Mary, please, everybody, please, can I let him in myself?
 Of course you can, Mary, but wouldn't you like to have me go to the door with you?
 All right, everybody. All right. You can all answer the door yourself.
 Now, wait, Mary, where are you going?
 Upstairs and go to bed. What for, Mary?
 And if you'd all like to go sit in the living room with him, you're very welcome.
 Mary, come back here.
 You can't do a thing like this after all I... I mean...
 Now Mary, don't be childish.
 May I open the door then?
 Yes, dear.
 Yes, Mary.
 And will you please all go away?
 Henry, get out of here.
 Are you coming too, Father?
 Yes, of course I am. Come on, Alice.
 Well, Sam, you don't have to push me.
 Well...
 Hi.
 Hello.
 I guess you're Sergeant Burge.
 Well, well, first, do you marry Orich?
 Yes.
 Won't you come in?
 Sure.
 Let's go into the living room.
 You know, I would have known it was you,
 Just from your voice from my voice. Yes. You thought it just the way you did on the phone this afternoon. Oh, I
 Don't you remember? Oh, yes. Was that this afternoon? Oh
 Won't you sit down? Thanks. I am I hope you don't mind my still wearing the same dress
 Oh, what's that? I guess you'll begin to think it's the only dress I've got well the only one I've ever seen you in
 Isn't it?
 My goodness, I wonder why nobody answers the doorbell.
 Isn't your father here?
 Because as a matter of fact, I want to see...
 I want to see...
 Henry!
 Would you excuse me for just a minute while I go find my little brother?
 Sure, that's okay.
 Henry!
 Yes, Mary? I'm out in the kitchen.
 Will you please come out here in the front hole?
 What for? What's the matter?
 Can't anybody in this house answer the front door?
 Or don't you want Sergeant Birch to think we're even civilized here?
 Oh, is Sergeant Birch here?
 Yes, Henry, of course he is.
 Whoa.
 How do you like him?
 Henry, will you please answer the door?
 Sure. Oh, you don't have to talk to me like that, Mary.
 There's a lot of somebody you're going to thank me for.
 Well, then, please answer it.
 Sure. That's what I'm doing.
 Hi.
 Oh, gee, where?
 Am I late?
 Aren't you in the living room?
 Oh, is that where I go? I just walk in the living room and say, "I'm Sergeant Joe Burch."
 And now, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
 You mean your sister changed her mind?
 No. No, only, frankly, could you step upstairs.
 I mean, could we go down?
 Could you go in the dining room there?
 Oh, she's in the dining room.
 No, not yet.
 Let's just wait in there.
 Oh, you want a surprise?
 Yes, in a way.
 Henry!
 Yes, mother!
 Listen, could you go on through the dining room
 and out to the kitchen?
 Out to the kitchen?
 Yes.
 Henry!
 There's a fellow by the name of Homer out there.
 He'd be very glad to see you.
 Well, what is this, anyhow?
 Henry, why didn't you come when I called you?
 Well, I was just...
 It's not the doorbell.
 Yes, dear. Never mind bothering now.
 I'll take care of it.
 That's fine, mother.
 Because I want to go out to the kitchen and take care of something.
 Good evening.
 Oh, Mrs. Aldridge. Here I am.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Well, don't you remember me?
 I'm supposed to be Sergeant first.
 I know, but I thought you were in.
 Well, this is very nice of you.
 Won't you step into the dining room?
 Oh, we're going to eat right away.
 Why? The chicken has already come right along.
 Certainly anxious to meet your daughter.
 Yes, and I'm sure she's anxious to meet you.
 Yes, Homer.
 Henry wants me to ask, oh gee whiz.
 Hello, Homer.
 This is-- this is--
 Sergeant Birch.
 It is.
 I mean you are.
 Oh boy.
 Homer, could I speak to you out in the hall a minute, please?
 With me?
 Oh, there's something I think I ought to tell you, Mrs. Aldrich.
 Sergeant, you just sit there.
 We'll be right back.
 Sure, OK.
 Homer, just step out here, please.
 Mrs. Aldrich, Henry, I mean, out in the kitchen.
 Dear, in going to the living room and tell Mary when she's
 ready to serve the sandwiches and ginger ale she needed bother to come out and
 get the okay we'll see that everything's brought in is that clear understand
 mrs. Aldrich that's a very good idea thank you
 home at now then so it's
 married Mary Mary I want you to meet Sergeant
 birch Sergeant birch this is how my brown oh boy hello hello I'm Mary when you're
 ready for the refreshment you're to stay don't bother to leave this room see
 what's that but home I'm going to get them right now wait a minute Mary I've
 I've got to get some napkins in the dining room in the sandwich.
 - Oh boy. - Hey Mrs. Aldrich, I'm going home.
 (upbeat music)
 ♪ All out of the narrow ♪
 ♪ We've got to love it here ♪
 ♪ But now the time's all that long ♪
 ♪ But again, now here ♪
 (audience cheering)
 - That was wonderful.
 - Listen, Aldrich, I want to tell you again,
 that was the best fried chicken I ever ate.
 - It was good cake too, Mrs. Aldrich.
 - Well, thank you very much.
 - Come on, gang.
 - You mean you boys have to go now?
 - I'm afraid so, Mr. Aldrich.
 We certainly had a wonderful time.
 - Well, not any more than we did, I'm sure.
 - Good night. - Good night.
 Sergeant Gilbert, fall in, fall in, fall in, right.
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
 - Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. - Ho, ho, ho.
 (laughing)
 - Wait, just a second.
 I'll open the front door for you.
 - Hey, hey, hey, hey. (laughing)
 - Goodbye. - Goodbye.
 - Goodbye! - Bye!
 Well, then I think I'll start carrying some of the things out to the kitchen.
 - Ah, those are nice boys. - Yes, all of them.
 Here you are, everybody. Anybody want some ginger ale?
 Henry, they've all gone. They've gone.
 Yes, Henry. And you know that was almost the nicest evening I think I ever had.
 She was... You mean I have to drink all this ginger ale myself?
 Mary, will you answer the door?
 My goodness, is that... Is that someone at the door?
 Hello, Mary.
 Oh, hello.
 I just came back to ask you something.
 Yes.
 Do you mind if I drop into Maronite when there aren't any other guys around?
 I know.
 No matter a fact, I got five dollars here I didn't really expect to have and I wondered
 whether you'd like to go to the movies with me.
 Why, yes, I'd love to.
 And I've got something else I think I ought to tell you.
 What?
 I'm not really a sergeant.
 I'm a private.
 I knew you were.
 Huh?
 You did it?
 Well, I got something else to tell you.
 What is it?
 My real name isn't Joe Burch.
 I know it isn't.
 How'd you know?
 I found this letter you must have dropped,
 and naturally I knew here.
 Oh, thank you. You didn't read it, did you?
 Oh, no.
 But there's something I would like to tell you.
 What?
 I think you look very nice in your uniform.
 Yeah?
 And tomorrow night when we go out,
 I'm gonna wear the same brown dress.
 Yeah?
 Well, it's a nice dress.
 Only do you have anything in light blue?
 Oh, light blue?
 Yes.
 Light blue is my favorite color.
 Good night.
 Good night.
 Mother, father.
 What, Mary?
 You suppose we could afford--
 well, first of all, I want to tell you something.
 [THEME MUSIC]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 The Aldrich family was rebroadcast for all you soldiers, sailors and Marines
 by the special service division of the War Department
 of the United States of America.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (jazz music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 (buzzing)
