 In just a moment, enjoy the Aldrich family.
 But first, the Election Day is almost here.
 Studio 8H here is a place of feverish activity.
 For NBC's combined radio and TV coverage
 are the biggest political event in 20 years.
 A staff of 250 men will relay the latest news.
 15 of the top commentators will analyze the results.
 The network newsmen will have the Monrobot,
 the electronic brain to compute important trends
 trends as ballots pour in from 48 states.
 Yes, Tuesday, NBC will be the nation's headquarters
 for election returns.
 Now it's the Aldrich family on NBC.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Henry, Henry, all great.
 Coming, mother.
 Yes, it's the Aldrich family of franchise.
 written by typical
 even though everyone knows him because he lives in your house or next door
 or somewhere in your memories
 no one has yet been able to define the typical teenage american boy
 all you can say is that he exists in the person of henry all rich
 And when you say that, you cross your fingers.
 The scene is the Aldrich Hallway.
 The time is just before breakfast.
 Hello, Toby.
 Toby, are you listening?
 Yes, Henry, but I'm thinking.
 Well, never mind thinking, Toby.
 Didn't you say you'd pay me back?
 I'm going to, just as soon as I get some money.
 But, Toby, I'm going to a party Saturday night.
 And if you don't pay me the 50 cents,
 I can't get the trousers I need.
 Henry, just a minute, Toby.
 What, Homer?
 Tell him if he doesn't pay you'll sue.
 Sure. Listen, Toby.
 Henry, would it help you any if I loaned your pair of trousers?
 Oh, how would that help?
 I've ordered a brand new pair of slacks and I need that 50 cents before I can pay for them.
 Well, suppose we made some kind of business arrangement.
 What business arrangement?
 Well, would it help you any if I paid you five cents every week on what I owe you?
 No.
 Go on, Henry. Tell him you'll sue.
 Yeah, Toby, if I don't get that money, you can expect to be sued.
 Look, Henry. I'll call you back in just a few minutes.
 You'd better.
 Okay, you wait right there by the phone. I'll see what I can do.
 Okay.
 So long, Henry. Thanks for calling.
 So long. What do you say, Henry?
 What's a nice thing, Homer? That's a nice thing.
 Henry, did you know that when you're in a position like the one you're in, you can get a bill collector?
 You can? Sure.
 My father will give you the names of two or three you could get.
 - Henry! - Yes, Father?
 I just put a letter for you on the living room table.
 Well, Gee, where's it from?
 I didn't notice.
 Homer, come on into the living room.
 Why don't you get a collector and scare the daylights out of Toby?
 I'd certainly like to.
 Henry, your breakfast is getting cold.
 I'll be right there, Mother.
 You asked for three eggs, you know.
 Yes, mother, I'm practically starved this morning.
 Is your letter from a girl, Henry?
 Oh, Gee whiz.
 Oh, who's it from, Henry?
 Oh, Gee whiz.
 What does the letter say?
 Oh, boy.
 Is it bad news, Henry?
 Will you please stop breathing on me?
 But who's the letter from, Henry?
 The public library.
 Oh, the library.
 They want you to join?
 Well, not exactly.
 I borrowed a book there, see?
 Now, suddenly it's overdue.
 But when did you take it out?
 last December they say. She was home. I think they made a mistake. I could almost
 wear it wasn't until last January. Are you sure? Sure I'm sure. I remember
 distinctly that in December I didn't feel like reading on a count of Christmas.
 Oh boy. And they charge two cents a day. January, February, March. Oh, we're up to
 November. It'll be more than five dollars. Five dollars. Just for one copy of
 Huckleberry Finn that I didn't even read. Well why didn't you return it after two
 weeks I told you I hadn't finished it that's what I get for trying to improve
 my mind five dollars how much do you have well just enough to pay for my slacks
 provided Toby pays what he owes me then forget about the book the thing for you
 to do Henry is to crack down on Toby what about the library book all the
 public library will ever do send you letters no one harm can that do you really
 think so home sure they can't afford to get too tough they don't want to lose you
 - Henry? - After all, they hardly ever go as far as they did with George Vigolo.
 - What did they do to George? - They called on his mother and father and went to see the principal.
 - Oh, boy. - Henry, I want you to come in here and eat your breakfast.
 Mother, I don't think I want any breakfast. - What's the matter?
 - I couldn't eat a thing. - [music playing]
 (music)
 What are you doing Henry?
 I'm just looking for something Mary.
 Oh my goodness you don't have to tear the bookshelves all apart do you?
 Don't worry I'll put everything back Mary.
 Has any phone call come for me this morning?
 Not that I know.
 It was not strange.
 Every time I've called Toby the line was busy.
 I thought you were just talking to him.
 It wasn't Toby, I was talking to the Senator Bill and Porium.
 What about?
 Well, I cancel the pair of trousers I happen to have ordered.
 Well, Mother says you should get ready for lunch right away.
 All right.
 Very, you know Miss Crawford.
 Miss Crawford?
 At the library.
 Oh, my goodness, Miss Crawford!
 She scares me.
 Henry, she has the most terrible temper.
 Is that right?
 Henry, you want it on the telephone?
 Well, gee, was it about time.
 Henry, don't let your lunch get cold!
 I want to tell that Toby a thing or two.
 Hello?
 Now listen, Toby.
 Is this Mr. Henry old, Rich?
 What's that?
 I'd like to speak to Mr. Henry Aldrich.
 This is I?
 This is the Centerville Emporium.
 Oh. Oh!
 I'm very sorry, but our manager says it's too late to cancel your trousers.
 What?
 But, but, Gee, whiz, I don't want them.
 I'm sorry, but those trousers have been altered to your measurements.
 But I can't use them.
 Another use has come up through my money.
 I see.
 And, and in this case, though, I'd warn them you still got them.
 We even got all your cut off the bottom.
 I see. Well, I'll tell our Mr. Sweeney.
 Well, thank you very much.
 and tell them that if I see anybody my size I'd be very glad to send them in.
 Thank you, Miss Drool.
 We're just finally related to it.
 Thank you.
 Good-bye.
 And ready?
 Yes, Mother?
 Henry, did I just hear you canceling your order for those new trousers?
 Yes, Mother.
 But why, dear?
 Well, boy, you know how it is with new trousers.
 I'm afraid I don't.
 Well, she was after a while you get tired of looking at them.
 And I'd wear them to the party Saturday night when it's over.
 What use would I have for them?
 You know what I mean, Mother?
 No, dear, but I'm sure you're being very sensible.
 Now, please run out and get ready for lunch.
 I have something I made just specially for you.
 Well, I've got to answer the phone first.
 Hello, Toby.
 Hello.
 Oh, Homer? Listen, Homer.
 This is Mr. Sweeney.
 Who?
 Mr. Sweeney from the Emporium.
 Oh.
 Did your girl tell you I explained everything?
 If she did.
 And we tried to treat our customers fairly.
 But, young man, do you understand what a business transaction is?
 I can't use the trousers.
 Neither can we.
 You can't?
 Well, look, do you know Huckleberry Finn?
 No, but we have a great many customers, and I can't be expected to know all of them.
 Well, see, I've been a very embarrassing position with those trousers.
 You'll be much more embarrassed without them.
 What I mean is they were altered especially for you.
 Will you please call for them?
 Didn't I make it clear? I can't use them.
 Why not?
 Well, I'm not very fond of light blue.
 Would you please ask your father to come to phone?
 My father your father well
 He isn't here right now, then may I speak to your mother?
 Well look come to think of it. I am fond of light blue
 I'll be down to get them and when can we expect to see you but tomorrow be too late? That'll be fine. Thank you, sir
 That's all right. Goodbye. Goodbye. I
 Think it was the Emporium
 Listen, Mary, could you loan me a few dollars?
 Provided I pay it back a little each week.
 What's the matter with your own money?
 It's all tied up.
 You might sing in debts.
 I'm sorry, Henry.
 I just spent everything I had on a dress for the party, Saturday night.
 It's the most beautiful blue.
 Yeah?
 They call it Huckleberry Blue.
 Huckle?
 Huckle?
 Yes.
 Are you ready for lunch, children?
 Right away, mother.
 How about you, Henry?
 Well, G-mother, I'm sorry, but I could need a thing.
 (music)
 Hello, is this Dr. Bennington?
 Yes, Mrs. Ulrich.
 I don't like to bother you, Dr. But Mr. Ulrich and I just a bit worried about Henry.
 Something wrong with him?
 Well, he's simply not himself. He hasn't eaten more than a bite in two days.
 That's pretty serious for Henry. Does he have a rash?
 No, I have noticed any.
 He just sits and mopes all day, and he's extremely nervous.
 Well, I'll phone the drugstore and have a tonic put up for him.
 For Dr. We've always had a great deal of trouble getting him to take any tonic. He fights it.
 Well, maybe the exercise will give him an appetite.
 You tell Henry that if he takes this, all of his troubles will be over.
 All right. Thank you for calling Mrs. Always.
 Thank you, Dr..
 Good day.
 Mother!
 Yes, Mary?
 Mary. Have you forgotten Dennis?
 Ready?
 Han coming.
 We went right ahead.
 Mother.
 Yes, Henry.
 Wasn't told me that just called wasn't.
 And no, dear.
 It was a call I'd put in.
 Did you see Toby today, Henry?
 No, Father.
 I haven't been able to get in touch with him.
 Well, you're not the only one.
 What do you mean, Father?
 After trying to get his father on the phone all day,
 I stopped in there on the way home tonight.
 We discovered that somebody had plugged the phone
 so that it only gave a busy signal.
 Is that right?
 Is that right?
 Henry, you must eat something. If you don't, you certainly aren't going to any party Saturday night.
 Mother Eleanor Wentworth expects me. She invited me personally.
 Eleanor Wentworth? You're going over to the Wentworth Saturday?
 Yes, sir. That's where the party is.
 Alice, did you hear about Mr. Wentworth? Quite an honor.
 What about him, Sam?
 He was just elected chairman of the board at the public library.
 At the what was he?
 The Mr. Wentworth was?
 Yes.
 Mr. Wentworth.
 He's chairman of the library.
 Do you have any objection?
 Me?
 Well, gosh, no.
 I was just surprised to hear that with all his other work.
 Why would he want to be that?
 I think he'll find some way to work it out.
 Henry, turn around and let me look at you.
 Something the matter with me?
 Sam, don't you think we ought to have the doctor come over and see Henry?
 If you think it'll amuse him.
 Dear, I'm serious.
 Now, mother, if there's one thing I don't want to see, it's a doctor.
 Well, I certainly think we ought to drop into his office tomorrow.
 Tomorrow? But I have a job that I'm beginning tomorrow.
 With whom? With Mrs. Hoffman.
 She was just a program alright. I'll eat some dessert for you.
 Mary, how about the dessert?
 I'll bring it right in, Father.
 Well, please hurry. I have a guest coming.
 And Mary?
 Yes, Mother.
 I want you to give Henry an extra large portion.
 Sure. What do we have in?
 -Huckleberries. -Huckleberries.
 I... good ol' huckleberries.
 -Huckle? -Huckle?
 That reminds me, Henry, if you ever read "Huckleberry Finn"?
 -Whoa! -If you haven't, you ought to get it out of the library sometime.
 -Yes, sir. -Dear, weren't you reading it last winter?
 -Well, I was, Mother, but I... -Well, you're very, Henry.
 -Thank you, Mary. -Who's coming over tonight, Father?
 -Mr. Wentworth. -Mr. Wentworth?
 -[coughing]
 -And my, what's the matter with you? -He's choking on his huckleberry!
 Mary, come on the back.
 I'm glad you dropped in, Mr. Wentworth.
 Sorry I can't stay any longer.
 You can count on Mrs. Aldrich and me to do everything we can for the library.
 It's very good of you, Mr. Aldrich.
 Incidentally, if you want to raise more funds, why not get some of the young people interested?
 You think they'd help?
 Well, of course. Let's get Henry down here. He's usually pretty good at all.
 well of course let's get henry down here is usually pretty good at organizing
 things
 or and we
 was here right after dinner
 well as i'm dropping my office on the i'd like to have a talk with them i'd
 have to do that
 where you dropped in
 incidentally i don't know if you think it's a great deal of henry well you know
 how henry feels about elana
 he's looking forward to coming over to her party saturday night
 good night mister wednesday
 Sam, did Henry say anything to you about going out?
 Not to me.
 Well, dear, I'm really worried.
 Oh, no, Alice.
 Henry's a reasonably normal, healthy boy.
 There's nothing to worry about.
 Father--
 Henry, is that you?
 What are you doing?
 I'm talking to your mother.
 You're talking to anybody else besides, mother?
 No.
 You just missed Mr. Wentworth.
 Oh.
 Well, I'm certainly sorry to hear that.
 Henry, where have you been?
 Well, just out in the garage, I just thought I'd go out and see whether the car needed washing.
 At this time of night?
 Gosh, if everybody knows the best time to wash your cars when the sun's down,
 uh, m- Mr. Wentworth isn't coming back, is he?
 No, dear.
 No, that reminds me, Mr. Wentworth said if you have time tomorrow, he'd like you to drop into his office.
 He wants to have a talk with you.
 With I?
 What for?
 It's regarding a matter pertaining to the library.
 It is?
 Some money they're trying to collect.
 You know father, you think I'll be going to bed.
 Henry, it's nowhere near your bedtime.
 I know, but I think mother's right.
 Maybe I am coming down with something.
 Yeah? Someone at the door?
 It's Henry orders Mrs. Hoffman. I'm reporting for work.
 Oh.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 Dear, I'm afraid it's too wet for you to rake the leaves this morning.
 She was Mrs. Hoffman.
 I need her and some money.
 Well, I have several errands you might run for me.
 Come in while I answer the phone.
 Yes, ma'am.
 I'd be glad to do anything.
 [KNOCKING]
 Hello?
 Oh, not at all.
 I'll be very glad to call you.
 Henry?
 Yes, Mrs. Hoffman?
 No, Mother wants to speak to you.
 She says it's quite important.
 Oh.
 Hello, Mother.
 Henry, can you be through with Mrs. Hoffman's by three o'clock?
 Why?
 I made an appointment for you to see Dr. Bennington.
 Dr. Bennington, mother Dr. Bennington?
 Yes, dear.
 He's to give you a thorough going over.
 But mother, I might be busy here all day.
 I haven't got time to be gone over.
 You'll be through by noon, Henry.
 You what, Mrs. Hoffman?
 And remember near three o'clock.
 Do you hear me?
 Yes, mother.
 Good-bye.
 Now, here's what I want you to do first, Henry.
 Yes, ma'am.
 This book goes back to the library.
 Yes, Mrs.
 For the library?
 Goodness, look at this. My, my, my. It's two days overdue.
 Well, I don't know what Miss Spawfrigle think of me.
 Two days?
 Well, you just have to apologize for me.
 I understand that since Mr. Wetmirth has been made chairman of the board,
 there's sort of a campaign about overdrawn books.
 They are?
 After all, you can't blame them. Some people keep a book out for as much as a month.
 Look, Mrs. Hoffman, my son's coming out.
 Couldn't I do something else for you instead of going down to the library?
 I'd much rather you write down to the library.
 And please tell Miss Spoppard that if she has a copy of a book called "Climb and Punishment"
 I'd love to read it.
 "Climb and Punishment"?
 Yes, and hurry, won't you?
 Yes ma'am.
 But are you sure you don't want me to do something constructive instead?
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 But right now I'd like to give you some inside information on the NBC shows to be heard over most of these same stations later this evening.
 First off, we're all going to go over to the Harris-Fayhouse Hall to visit with that suave sophisticated Phil Harris and his long-suffering wife Alice.
 And then we go from the laughable to the supernatural for a theater guild on the air, which brings you John Patrick's comedy, "Low and Behold."
 Your stars this week will be Anne Blithe, Basil Rathbone, and Jeffrey Lin.
 With the elections coming up, NBC's coverage makes it the nation's headquarters for election news.
 As a regular Sunday feature, you can listen in on America's only public press conference.
 When Martha Roundtree and Lawrence Bivax meet the press,
 offers you a chance to hear the answers given by one of the personalities in the news,
 to questions posed by a panel of newsmen and prominent public citizens.
 There is a whole world of radio entertainment that's yours for the dialing
 tuned to this NBC station later tonight.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Olga.
 Henry has just been notified that he's
 neglected to return a library book which he drew out
 last December, which he is now unable to find.
 Hoping to earn enough to pay part of the find,
 he takes a job with Mrs. Hoffman, whose first request
 is that Henry return a book of her own to the library.
 The scene opens into Haven's drugstore.
 The time is a half hour later.
 Homer, won't you please help me out?
 Won't you please do it for me?
 But Henry, I'm busy.
 I've got some pretty important things to take care of.
 Like what?
 Like what?
 Well, I've got a date with Willie Marshall
 to watch that new building they're putting up a third main.
 Boy, Homer, and you call yourself a friend.
 Have you ever in your whole life asked me to do anything
 and I turned you down?
 Sure, last week.
 You wouldn't lend me your binoculars.
 Well, she would.
 You don't have to remember every little thing.
 I thought we were friends.
 We are friends, Henry.
 Well, if you can't do a simple little thing,
 like going to the library and returning a book
 and maybe getting another.
 All right, I'll do it.
 Homer, you'll never regret it.
 Where will I meet you?
 Right here in the drugstore.
 Buy this telephone booth.
 I'll be calling Eleanor while I'm waiting for you.
 Why are you calling Eleanor?
 I'm taking you to the movies tonight.
 I think it'd be better if I met her someplace
 besides your house.
 Oh, here Homer, all you have to do is give this book to Miss Crawford and apologize for Mrs. Hoffman's keeping it over two days.
 Should I tell you'll bring in Huckleberry Fenn as soon as you find it?
 No, Homer! Don't worry about that. Just give it this and ask her for... for what?
 Well, I think the name of it is... "Crying Doesn't Pay."
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Did you like the movie, Henry?
 Well, I didn't care for it so much, Eleanor.
 Oh, I did.
 I thought it was beautiful.
 The way as long as he lived his conscience bothered him.
 Did you like that part?
 And all he'd stole when he was a boy was an ordinary bottle
 of milk.
 Why, but didn't he suffer though?
 Well, I guess the suffering was pretty evenly divided.
 Now, would you mind walking up this street toward Homer's house?
 What for?
 Well, I waited at the Haven's drugstore for nearly three hours a day,
 and he never did show up.
 Now, I bet you wouldn't do a thing like that to a person.
 Who me?
 That's the first impression a person gets of you.
 But you're dependable, and reliable.
 Oh, gee, I don't--
 Well, you take a person that--
 Whoa.
 What, Henry?
 What I was going to say is you take sometimes, don't I guess a person can't help it?
 Hell what?
 Anything.
 You're awfully understanding of others, Henry.
 Well, I do study people a lot.
 They kind of read their character.
 And that's what I like about you, Henry.
 You're so intelligent.
 I'll bet you do a lot of reading.
 Well, I like some books.
 I'll bet you, probably go up and collect books.
 I'll get over it.
 I mean...
 [audience laughter]
 Oh boy, who's that coming down the street?
 Where?
 Right under the street lamp.
 Oh, it's Mrs. Foster.
 Miss Crawford from the library.
 Is Crawford?
 Do you know her?
 Only what you might call professionally.
 Look, Eleanor, I'm still going to Homer's.
 Why don't we go down this way?
 By Johnson's Candy Kitchen.
 Did you want to stop him?
 Well, I think it might be a good idea.
 Let's walk real fast.
 Oh my goodness.
 Look who's right ahead of them.
 Who is this?
 Isn't that Mrs. Hoffman?
 Mrs. Hoffman.
 Oh boy.
 Look, Eleanor, why don't we go across the street to Tillman's hamburger?
 It's a lot better.
 All right.
 Oh, let's hurry.
 Why?
 Father's right over there.
 We can walk with him.
 He is.
 Henry.
 Henry?
 Why, Henry?
 Why, Henry?
 Why, Henry?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 What did he say, Alice?
 the doctors doesn't seem to know what the trouble is.
 No.
 There wasn't anything wrong with his eyes
 and the dentist x-rayed every tooth in his head.
 Well, that should put your mind at ease.
 No, dear, it doesn't.
 Dr. Bennington says sometimes something very mysterious
 can happen to a boy.
 And no matter how hard they try, they can't find what's wrong.
 He simply goes into a complete decline.
 And when a thing like that happens,
 Sammy says there's only one safe thing to do.
 What's that?
 Take a trip to Arizona.
 All right, I'll take it.
 No!
 Hey, Brie!
 Henry, what's in the bar?
 Just a pair of trousers, Mary. See?
 Oh, they look all thing nice.
 We implore you, Maithem. It's still to order, you might say.
 You better hurry if you're going to the party.
 I'm not going.
 Why not?
 Because I'm not.
 Do you think I'd be wearing my new trousers if I were going?
 Well Henry, you don't have to jump at me.
 Jump at you? When did I jump at you?
 That's what mother and father were talking about.
 They said you've turned so cross, they don't know you.
 Listen, Mary, I'm in one of the most terrible predicaments I've ever been in in my life.
 You know where I can lay my hands at a copy of Huckleberry Finn?
 Sure. You do? That's wonderful. Where?
 At the public library.
 She and Wiz, Mary.
 Henry!
 Yes, Mother?
 Have you taken your atomic since dinner?
 Well, she was. I've taken it five times today.
 That doesn't make any difference. You're supposed to take it as to dinner too.
 All right. Listen, Mary. I had a letter from the library today, see?
 Another.
 Don't you know I had any?
 I keep my eyes open.
 Well, Mary, all Miss Crawford says in this letter is that if I pay the library the price of a new copy of Huckleberry Finn,
 they'll forget the rest that's due.
 Well, I'm sorry. I can't lend you anything, Henry.
 Henry?
 Yes, mother.
 Homer's down here.
 He is? Homer's here?
 Sure.
 - Well, Gee whiz, Homer, where you been for the last two days?
 - I was delayed, Henry.
 (audience laughs)
 Delayed by what?
 - Well, first it was the bulldozers,
 then it was the steam shovel.
 But don't worry, I got Mrs. Hoffman's book
 to the library the first thing this morning.
 - Boy, it's about time.
 - Well, hurry up.
 Aren't you going to the party?
 - No, I'm not.
 - Why not?
 - Because of Mr. Wentworth.
 - Well, Mr. Wentworth isn't gonna be there.
 - He isn't?
 - I think somebody said he's gonna be out of town.
 - But you're not sure he's going to be.
 I'm partly sure.
 Well, come on Homer, come on.
 Aren't you gonna put on your new pants?
 Well, I'll bring the box along with me.
 What?
 Homer, there's no sense of putting them on
 and giving them wear and tear
 unless I'm absolutely sure I'm going to the party.
 (jazz music)
 - Henry, what are you doing out here on the floor?
 - Hello Eleanor.
 - Hello Homer.
 - Hi.
 Oh no, we won't be disturbing your father, will we?
 Oh no, he isn't even in town.
 He isn't?
 What are you doing? That's too bad.
 Did I tell you Henry? Let's go in.
 Come on Henry!
 Okay.
 There isn't anyone here but I'll tell you.
 And a few others and this is Crawford.
 Miss Crawford?
 Yes, you know her, don't you?
 Oh yes, yes.
 Sure, Miss Crawford from the library.
 Oh no, I just happened to remember.
 What?
 Well, my mother's home, all alone.
 She is Henry.
 Oh, why don't you ask her to come over?
 No, I think I better go home.
 Oh, Henry, you can certainly come in for just a while.
 Would you like to go on, but when my mother's alone, she likes to have me with her.
 Oh, just a day for one game.
 In just a minute, we're going to play a literary game.
 A literary game?
 A literary game?
 Yes!
 I just happen to think my mother's alone, too.
 Oh, but it may be a thing in the world.
 Miss Bofford asks the questions, and you answer.
 And they're a prize?
 Well, I just couldn't enjoy winning a prize.
 And now is my mother home alone.
 Please, Henry.
 No!
 Henry!
 Henry, I'm not gonna let you go.
 You're coming in if I have to pull you in.
 Please, Elle Dore.
 Hey, Henry, let go of me.
 If I'm going in, you are too.
 Quiet, everybody, please.
 Shh, quiet!
 Miss Boffin is almost ready for the final part of the game.
 Shh.
 The last three remaining in the literary contest are let me see who our name is father
 Dad go be Smith. Oh, be Smith. Oh my bra. Oh my bra. Now. Let me see who was the third who's not Henry. Oh, yes
 Henry Orridge
 now
 Three of you boys will stand in the middle of the room facing me. Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am in each of these packages is a prize
 Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Yes, ma'am. This bar for anyone take my place
 I'm very sorry Henry, but you will have to take your own turn in answering.
 No, then Toby.
 In order to win, Watson, this box I hold, you will have to answer a question.
 Yes, ma'am.
 Now tell me, what character in literature said to be or not to be?
 To be or not to be?
 Yes.
 Is that the end of a sentence?
 That's the end of the question.
 Who said it?
 Shakespeare?
 Well, that's close enough.
 Here's a box of... why, I believe it's six linen hankage.
 Well, thank you very much.
 They're exactly what I've always wanted.
 [audience laughing]
 Now then, Homer.
 Homer, can you tell me who was the leading female character in Ivanhoe?
 - In Ivanhoe? - Yes.
 - She has to be female? - I'm afraid not.
 [audience laughing]
 In Ivanhoe.
 Rebecca? - That's right.
 What? And here is a lovely color box for you.
 Look so cute. Now then Henry.
 Oh, Gee whiz.
 I want you to tell me the name of the author of the book in this last package.
 Yes, Miss Boffrey. It is Huckleberry Finn.
 Huckleberry.
 Henry!
 She was Miss Boffrey.
 She's very big.
 Great somebody. Get something cold.
 You rub some ice cream on her.
 Oh, I've been faffing here.
 He went to the book. Just as he went down his last words were marked away.
 Mrs. Barford, why don't you just keep the book? I've got a feeling you're going to get it back anyway.
 All Americans have always stood behind our fighting forces through all the years of our country's history.
 Today the need is for blood donations for members of our armed forces in Korea.
 Today, with the reserve of blood plasma virtually exhausted by GI requirements, an emergency exists.
 The Department of Defense is therefore calling for an immediate stepping up of blood collections.
 This is your opportunity to help save the lives of our fighting men in Korea.
 Call your Red Cross chapter, a local blood donor center, for an appointment.
 [Music]
 The Aldridge family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldridge are House Jamison and Catherine Rot.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich family.
 Good night, everybody.
 (audience applauding)
 This is NBC, the nation's headquarters for election news.
 (silence)
