 [Music]
 Henry Olgrich!
 Coming Mother!
 The Olgrich family!
 A special re-broadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations.
 [Music]
 Give a teenage boy a problem to solve, and you start what always turns out to be a wrestling match
 with the boy and the problem alternately throwing each other.
 Henry Aldridge, however, usually ends up victorious, but gasping.
 You'll see no one's at the oldest breakfast table.
 Could I have the cream please father?
 Here you are Henry.
 Thank you.
 Boy.
 There it is necessary to eat your breakfast
 as though you were going to some kind of a race.
 But mother I'm in a hurry.
 I've got a very full day.
 Boy.
 Henry can't you slow down just a little?
 Alice I don't like to undermine your discipline
 but I happen to know Henry does have a very full day.
 Boy I'll say.
 He's got to empty the ashes in the cellar.
 He's got to pick up the backyard.
 Father that isn't the kind of full day I was thinking of.
 day I was thinking of I got this list.
 The what live, Henry?
 She was looking at it.
 Just look at it.
 One grandfather's plot, one for coke man's, one dining room
 table with chairs, one rose boy.
 Now wait a minute.
 What is that you're reading?
 My list.
 My list.
 One pound of butter with muffins, one fireplace, and
 a beer and cigar.
 What's that, Henry?
 A cigar mother for Homer.
 What's that?
 Oh, my smoking cigar?
 No, father.
 He doesn't smoke it.
 He just charges around in his pocket because he's got a lot
 of money.
 Henry, may I ask what this is all about?
 Is that how you mother? It's for the school play.
 And I've got to get all that list by tomorrow night.
 How about the ashes?
 The ashes, father.
 We don't need any ashes.
 Henry, do you mind my asking why?
 If the play is going to be put on tomorrow night,
 you haven't started to get any of these things before now.
 Because they didn't tell me until yesterday that I was to be talk man.
 We bought it before that and they fired him.
 They fired him?
 Sure. You wasn't good at getting anything at all.
 So I, so I gave him belief.
 Henry!
 What, Mary?
 Now, yes, but Mother's egg beater is doing in your lunch box.
 What's that, Mary?
 Now wait a minute mother I was going to tell you about that.
 A beer of only Mary brought it out too soon.
 I did.
 And I'm tired of you taking my egg beater.
 It's for Kathleen.
 She makes an instant to see from the kitchen and it shows that's where she came from.
 What's that?
 Kathleen's father.
 Her mother's dad.
 Kathleen's mother?
 Sure in the play.
 And she's keeping house for her father.
 Homer.
 The whom?
 The honer.
 She's Homer's unspoiled daughter.
 Kathleen?
 Kathleen Anderson is Homer Brown's daughter?
 What's so wrong with that Mary?
 She's only a couple months older than he is.
 And as a matter of fact, the very coach says Homer looks more like an old man than anyone in the school.
 Henry, if I let you take our egg beater, will you see that it gets back to me?
 Oh, sure, mother.
 Yeah, I hope you don't think I'd go and leave a personally good thing like an egg beater over the school, do you?
 Well, then I'll put it back in your lunchbox.
 Thank you.
 And, Mary, the next time you go searching through my lunchbox, please ask for permission.
 Hey, Mae, what are you doing under the table?
 I'm just looking at the lady's father.
 I'm just looking at the come off when I take it over.
 When you take it over, when you take one over where?
 The dining room table for the play.
 Henry, you are not under any circumstance
 is going to take this table.
 I can't have it, but gee,
 where's much more we're going to eat all for?
 May I ask what we're going to eat all for?
 Good morning, kitchen father.
 It's only for three days.
 Henry, do you remember last year
 when we loaned our sofa for the school play?
 Yes, father, but that wasn't my fault
 it fell off the back of the car.
 That isn't the point.
 This dining room table has been in this house for 20 years.
 If ever those in your school
 who have never seen a dining room table before,
 You may bring them over one at a time and let them take a look at it.
 But that's as far as I'm willing to go.
 Okay, then.
 How about... how about a fur coat? Can I borrow one of those?
 A fur coat? It has to be a man's fur coat. It's for Homer.
 He's very wealthy. See, and the fur has to be on the inside.
 Yes? Well, you've come to the wrong man for a thing like that.
 As a matter of fact, I'd like to get a pair of fur gloves for him too.
 And maybe a fur hat?
 Exactly where is the scene laid?
 In his dining room.
 Oh.
 Homer comes into his dining room wearing a fur coat, a fur hat,
 for a hat and for gloves and sits down to dinner. Sure. I see. You can't get any cold.
 You can't. Do you think I ought to get some? For what?
 Hi, Henry. Already for school. I'll be right here in one second, Homer. Good morning, Homer.
 What's that? You have your mouth. A piece of bubble gum.
 Alex, what was that? That was me, Mr. Alrich. Good morning.
 Homer, I wouldn't snap my gum in here if I were you. Oh, sure. Excuse me. Come on, Homer. I'll get my things on.
 Okay.
 Don't run, dear. I'm not running.
 Listen, Henry, I had an idea last night.
 You know that place in the play where I take a thousand dollars out of my pocket and give it to Gimme Bartlett?
 Yeah? Well, gee, I wouldn't have a whole thousand just loose in my pocket, would I?
 Why not? I'd be afraid to carry it around, Henry.
 Why don't I have a cash register that I take it out of?
 A cash register? Why can you're dining room?
 Why can't I afford one? I'm rich.
 I know, but rich people have things like saves.
 A save?
 Well, I settle for a save.
 There's a matter of fact that's a very good idea.
 Sure Homer.
 Henry, you forgot something in here.
 Oh gee whiz, I know what it is, it's my darn list.
 And that, Henry, is one reason why I don't want you to borrow this dining room table.
 Father, I agree with you.
 I agree with you entirely.
 I've driven the dining room table right out of my head.
 Good.
 Now, if you could only get me a safe, I'd be perfectly happy.
 A foster, a safe mother, there's a very important place where Homer has to have a...
 ...has to have one.
 Henry, do you realize how much a safe way is?
 I don't mean a big safe father like in a bank.
 I mean something about...
 or about?
 Yes. Now you can just drive the safe out of your head, too.
 You mean I can't have one?
 Hey, Henry, we're gonna be late.
 I'm coming, Homer.
 And as a matter of fact, I'm sure I ever took this darn job.
 Goodbye, Henry.
 Goodbye.
 Hey, Henry, goodbye.
 I guess he didn't hear you, dear.
 Who's Sam?
 Well...
 Do you think we ought to contribute a little something more than just an egg beater to this play?
 You mean you want to let Henry have this table?
 Now dear, I didn't say this table.
 But don't you think you could at least find him a safe?
 Alice, are you?
 Are you?
 Sam, this is the first time I've ever seen Henry get so wrapped up in anything.
 But dear, it's the most important thing that has ever happened to him.
 But what am I going to get a safe?
 You love a influence, Sam.
 And if you explain it for a high school play,
 my goodness, I should think there'd be lots of people who could spare a safe for three nights.
 [Music]
 Hello, Senator Wilkes press office.
 Yes?
 Have we got a what?
 Sure, we got a safe.
 Who's this speaking?
 Oh, yes, Mr. Albridge.
 Now, could you tell me again what it is you want?
 The safe to play with?
 Oh, you're in a play. Oh, I got you. Well, we got one here. Yes. We're three and a half tons.
 What's that?
 Hello, Harriet. Can you hear me?
 Yes, Alice.
 What we need is a nice, warm, heavy coat that's lined with fur.
 I see.
 It's for a rather wealthy man that's a widower.
 How about my Persian lamb?
 You're Persian lamb.
 Harriet, it has to be a man's coat.
 Alice, where would I ever get a man's coat, especially a furline man?
 Well, I just thought you might possibly know of someone that has one.
 Father?
 Just a minute, Harriet.
 Henry, are you home from school already?
 Yes, mother. Where's Mary? I think I've got a little job for her.
 Dear, I'm talking with your aunt Harriet about a fur coat for you.
 You are? Oh boy.
 Alice, I have another idea.
 Really?
 I've been one of my daughters as a leather windbreaker.
 It's mine, but it's just like a man.
 And it's not under rabbit.
 With rabbit?
 It hit blank, Alice.
 Just a minute, Harriet.
 Henry would rabbit down to the hips to be alright.
 Just with a hip smother.
 And have Horrors, mate and show.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, Santa Feelcon Fi.
 Oh, hello, Mr. Aldridge.
 What's that, a say?
 Mr. Auditor, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I didn't hear you.
 Did you say you were looking for a say?
 For your son?
 Oh, oh, now I understand you.
 Oh, yes, indeed, we have a very small say.
 It's only about 18 inches high.
 Follow it?
 Can we take it away?
 But Mr. Auditor, it just cemented right into the wall.
 Mary! Oh, Mary!
 Henry, what are you driving that dead bush into the house for?
 That's just what I started to tell you.
 You know that how they have Mary with the roses on it?
 Yes. Well, look. I'm not asking to let me go at myself because I like damage it.
 But I'm perfectly willing to let you do it.
 And I'll even give you a line of credit on the program.
 program if I do what haven't I made it clear all you have to do is write up
 we take the roses off your hat and sort of tie them on this book I have me all
 to try to do it such thing well which part is it you object to you think I feel
 when the curtain goes up and there's my hat but all over Bush I am mother
 called boy is this a day I bet that's about the oysters the plot of the oysters
 I've been having some trouble digging up some oysters for the second act hello
 Is this a Syneuro fish market?
 Look, Mom, is it honey?
 Oh, she whizzes that you can't leave.
 Honey, I'm telling her that I don't remember her table
 and she wants to ask you a couple questions.
 Sure, Captain. I'd be glad to answer anything.
 Hello, Henry.
 Oh, hello, Mrs. Anderson.
 No, tell me, dear. Just tell her you plan to use all at table.
 Well, look, Mrs. Anderson. This phone that's going to eat off it.
 His father helps settle the West, see?
 The West. The West.
 Yeah?
 And his portrait hangs right over Homer's sideboard.
 at the side board. All right for Mrs. Lawson and oh boy it completely slipped my
 list. Do you have a mirror with Cupids? A mirror with Cupids aren't to hang over
 a man. No, no I don't. Henry, wouldn't just
 a plain mirror do. Oh no Jimmy Bob it has to stand in front of it and kiss
 Tom Lee. Tom Lee? Jimmy Bob, I guess there's Tom Lee. Yes ma'am. Frankly I'm not
 any too much in favor of that part myself but a play call for a mirror with
 Cupid to be kissed under and what can I do my hands are tied.
 Henry I just happened to remember with a mirror with a beer head help with a lot.
 We have on with a deal beer head top top but no cupid she the only thing is.
 Tell me frankly Mrs. Anderson when you stand off at a distance could you mistake the
 beer for a cupid.
 In his horn pendant.
 Yeah.
 Well don't the horn spread out a little like wings.
 [Music]
 Sam!
 Yes?
 Well, hello there, Alice.
 Sam, I'm sorry to bother you down here at the office, but I simply got to have your help.
 That's all right. I'm glad you dropped in.
 Alice, I think I have an idea that's going to solve the whole business.
 What is it, there?
 Why read his safe that has to be hauled all the way up to the high school auditorium
 When they have steel lockers right in their own gymnasium.
 Steel lockers.
 All they have to do is move one of them on stage
 and have somebody in the art department
 paint a combination dial on it.
 Now, Sam, a gymnasium locker.
 Why don't the students see it? They'll simply howl.
 But Alice, do you realize I haven't touched one bit of work all day?
 The only thing I've done is call people about sates.
 There, that isn't any more than Henry's done.
 And Sam, where am I going to find a gold-plated chandelier
 with old-fashioned gas lights on it?
 What's that?
 There, we must know someone in this town
 who owns a thing like that.
 Alice, I'll do what I can to find a saint,
 But I put my foot down a gold-pated gaslight chandelier.
 Now listen, hit me for the last turn and let them eat them.
 Homer, don't you realize that this is for the junior class flight?
 What if it is? I'm not asking to eat the oysters from me.
 I'm asking to eat them for the junior class.
 And I'm still not going to eat them.
 I knew the thing like this was gonna happen in a firm to couple of courses and top into the softballer class.
 Home and you don't have to eat the whole dozen oysters. Not even a half a dozen oysters.
 You just nibble it two or three.
 You're right, you can afford to throw some away.
 Well, nobody will ever know I'm rich.
 Not if they see the dining room table you got me.
 Homer, nobody's going to see it's made of salt horses.
 I got a tablecloth purposely that comes right down to the floor.
 Sure, sure, it looks like a bed.
 Now I'll tell you one more thing, honey. I'm not gonna wear a pressure lamp.
 It isn't Porsche Land or my Persian Land.
 And that's a beautiful coat my internet paid a lot of money for.
 And what's the difference?
 I come under the stage wearing a woman's Persian land coat
 in a muff or a hat.
 She's standing at a saw, where I can stop to eat oysters
 and I can't stand.
 What kind of a millionaire do you think I am?
 All right, Homer.
 All right.
 I know what I'm going to do.
 I'm going to sit down and write a lot of resignation
 to the junior class.
 Can you get me a quick before you even get me some catch up
 for my oysters?
 Or is it safe for me to keep my $1,000 in?
 All right, Homer.
 So far, if I'm concerned, you can keep your money in your pot.
 Henry, here's your rose bush.
 I've had it all fixed for you.
 What's that?
 Mary, is that a rose bush?
 Yes, of course it is.
 Now listen, Mary, those are nothing but ordinary sweet peas.
 Sure they are.
 Sure they are.
 I've always got a notice from the last row.
 Very last row.
 Who's there to sit there?
 I am.
 Oh, I can say it.
 Mary, that's the last row.
 That's the last straw.
 Well, honey, I'm not going to tear a pot
 like very best hat with roses on it.
 Would you be any more pleased if I got
 out that old hat with cherries on it?
 Cherry, are they canned?
 But that?
 I like canned cherry.
 Homer, will you please tell me what place there is in the play?
 Will you eat cherry?
 I could eat them instead of oysters.
 Off my hat?
 What's that?
 You've got a hat with oysters on this?
 What's a farm I can serve?
 I'm not eating it.
 And I hope nobody thinks I'm innocent.
 I'm going to resign.
 Well, isn't anybody going to answer the phone?
 Why should I answer the phone?
 As far as I am concerned, the junior class can send--
 Oh, gee, what kind of a house is this?
 Hello?
 Is this Mr. Olrich's residence?
 Yes, sir, Mr. Olrich is in here right now.
 Well, about that safety and quiet about just what kind is it he wants.
 That's safe?
 Wait, just nice, good size.
 Well, you know what kind of you got.
 You want a single or a double door?
 She wish you got one with a double door?
 That would be good. How big is it?
 And so big, five feet high, maybe?
 Gee, that sounds swell.
 It's got to be hauled up there, you know.
 Sure, but we've got to have it. It's for a very rich man.
 Yeah, well, then I guess he won't mind the cottage, will he?
 Oh, no. She wish he's got a thousand dollars in this pocket.
 He's got to do something with it.
 Okay, I'm going to crew on it right away.
 Sam, I think the least you can do is go up to the high school and see that play tonight.
 Alice, do you realize in six weeks my income tax will be due?
 And this is one of the few evenings I'm going to have free to get a straighten up.
 Just the same there, it seems to meet it when your own son is practically putting on a place single-handed.
 Now, as far as the inkwell is supposed to be on this desk.
 The inkwell? Henry took it over to the auditorium home I had to sign a check.
 Well, that's a fine thing. Just when I...
 I...
 Oh, Mary, did you get the rose bush finished before Henry left, mother?
 I met a little rosewife and tied them on a pitcher wire.
 Really? You took them off your hair?
 Oh, no, mother. I just wired on radishes. They look beautiful.
 Now, did you notice what I did with my income tax papers?
 a tax paper and you put them up with them I don't know if I started to take
 them out of your briefcase father no matter what I did oh my goodness and Henry
 took your briefcase he took it I'm a kid dear you told him the other day he
 could borrow it don't you remember there's a place in the play where Homer has to
 take a will out and read it and he's gonna read my income tax you maybe
 able to catch him over to Anderson he's gonna stop there and take up a mirror
 with a deer I want what up I'll shoot only Anderson then if Henry's there tell
 to hold him I'll be right over we'll be back with the Aldrich family in just a
 moment right now it's intermission time for our intermission guests the one and
 only Tommy Dorsey okay Tommy
 (drumming)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Mr. Aldrich has just discovered that Henry, without realizing it,
 has taken his briefcase containing income tax papers
 for Homer to use in the school play.
 At the scene opens, Mr. Aldrich is bringing the Anderson front door down.
 Hello there, Mr. Aldrich.
 How's it evening, Mr. Anderson? Is Henry here? I want to speak to him.
 No, I'm off the start. Henry left here nearly ten minutes ago.
 He picked up a mirror and he was going over to pick up something at the mall.
 At the Lawson's, thank you very much.
 Did you have anything I can do for you?
 No thanks, I just want to catch up with him.
 - Why, Miss Mother? - Just Mr. Olashir.
 We need more working on it, didn't say.
 Everything that he's trying to catch up with Henry
 so he can help him carry some of those things.
 So, I tell Father we're almost ready to start.
 The play begins at 8.30, and I have to be their own.
 I'm sorry, Catherine.
 But your father isn't going to play.
 - He is. - In fact, your father isn't even speaking to me here.
 - Why not? - If you must know the truth, Catherine.
 He resents, I'll be giving up his gear head.
 - His wife? - That's near a Henry choke with a gear head on it.
 All that awful thing he gave you on your 10th anniversary.
 - Mr. Vanuysen, come play our gear head.
 Yes, honey. What's the matter?
 You don't have any but briefcase here.
 Briefcase.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Oh, here it is.
 Is that of the whole table, Henry?
 She was not a close shape.
 I was just leaving the balsons when I discovered I'd lost it.
 Well, thank you very much, Mrs. Anderson.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen,
 if we meet back very much, if there
 There will be a slight delay in starting with play tonight.
 But do the fact that a safe is got
 to stop between the second and third four winners,
 there will be a slight delay.
 And I've been asked to assure you by Mr. Eggleston,
 our faculty advisor that we'll begin as soon as
 a minute figured out what the matter is.
 Thank you.
 This is dangerous, you make sure the whole thing.
 Homer, will you please step back and let me get into the wings here.
 You saw the whole thing, you in your way.
 You wait. You saw what a whole thing.
 What you had printed on the program look right here the oysters that are eaten by Homer Brown and that too are by currency of the Centerville Fish Market
 Homer we had to give them some credit didn't we well Centerville Fish Market a no Centerville Fish Market
 I'm not gonna eat them. Homer will you please stand back your insincere your costume. That's another thing. This guy in Buffalo
 Road this time Buffalo Road that you found your attic you're going to wear your father's ring coat over
 Court over Archer that bubble robe just looks like a very good one and I suppose you think I didn't notice the roses
 Here I am a millionaire and I'm ashamed to walk into my own dining room.
 Okay, okay.
 Then you go ahead and run the show yourself from here on.
 You mean you're going to resign again?
 I might.
 I might.
 Don't you easily be bothered.
 But Henry.
 Oh, what's an hour with Henry?
 Kathleen, are we just standing here talking to him about...
 How about...
 He's so darn sensitive.
 What's been happening is my mustache on straight.
 It's not straight, but couldn't have gotten a better one, Homer.
 What's the matter with it? I paid it down for it.
 I didn't say I had some knife ones for 15 cents.
 15 cents, did you think I was a millionaire?
 What's that you pat in your hand?
 My egg beater.
 Oh boy, where's my briefcase?
 Where's my briefcase?
 Oh, here it is.
 You have to use that?
 Sure, don't you know why I take my will out and stand there looking at it for a minute
 and then get mad and tear it up?
 Oh yeah.
 And that reminds me, where's my will?
 Where's my will?
 Is there anything in the briefcase?
 Oh sure, here's some papers.
 Well, I've got to get family cut it for that.
 Remember to get one thing right for me.
 Hello.
 Hello, we just carried prior.
 Yes.
 Harriet, it's Mr. Sam
 (dramatic music)
 - How's it going, Henry? How's it going?
 - You were flying, Captain, but four.
 Home. Home.
 - But the audience is writing it.
 - That isn't Homer's fault though.
 He'd forgotten his lines four times.
 And when he took his choreography,
 forgot the buffalo robin,
 and it stayed pinna-roll his neck.
 - My goodness!
 - Look at him out there, he looks like a bear.
 - Henry.
 - What's this?
 - Henry.
 Father, are you allowed to come backstage?
 It was my briefcase.
 I often forgot it, Father.
 And boy, if you know us while Miss Homer's making up things,
 he keeps going in a ratish bush.
 And Ray, where is the briefcase?
 We've got it, Father. There's nothing to worry about.
 And do you know what Homer did with the oysters?
 Instead of eating them, he slipped them in his pocket.
 [crowd laughs]
 And Ray, where's the briefcase?
 Right out there on the stage. Homer's got it.
 With my income tax papers.
 Oh, gee, is that your income tax he's reading?
 And they want to be bringing them off.
 Bring them off?
 Well, he doesn't.
 He tears them up and stores them in the fireplace.
 And they walk out there on the stage and get those papers.
 Who am I?
 Oh, no, Bob.
 In front of all those people.
 Henry, for the last time I have to have those papers.
 Well, Bob, all right.
 I'll try to whistle.
 Come on.
 Wait.
 Wait.
 Oh, the Jeepers.
 I'm so excited I can't even whistle.
 Look out.
 Bob, where you going?
 What do you think I'm going?
 I'm going to get them.
 And now I am going to destroy this will
 and cut my daughter off for life.
 Oh, Bob.
 Keep my sister off.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, my gimme no paper.
 Cool me.
 I've got a tear to me and my will.
 (crowd cheering)
 - What is wrong with this is my big theme.
 - Hold on a minute.
 - Wait a minute.
 (crowd cheering)
 - Oh, we're doing great dance.
 I'll just die in a beer later.
 (upbeat music)
 - Can you have some bacon, Sam?
 - No, thank you.
 They haven't eaten much breakfast, do you?
 I've eaten all the breakfast I care to, thank you.
 Now, Sam, you can't go through life being upset over a little thing like last night.
 I am not upset.
 I was just wondering how it would be if I gave up my practice here in town and opened an office in Abbott City.
 Now, Sam, I'm sure nobody even knows this.
 No!
 Yes, Mary.
 Mother. I've been thinking.
 And don't you suppose we could most of Abbott City or someplace where people don't know father?
 Mary.
 Please go out in the kitchen and make me some more trouble.
 Excuse me.
 Yes, of course.
 Father, Henry, I don't think your father wants to talk to you right now.
 And mother, the man at all the faithful father just called and said that through the fact
 it was easier to get it down than not.
 The return ship will only be $22.
 What's that?
 I'll answer the phone.
 Sam, here's a review.
 A review?
 Of the tray in the morning paper.
 Littin.
 One of the most hilarious evenings this town has ever enjoyed took place in the Santa Bill High School Auditorium last evening.
 The highlight was the guest performance of Samuel Ulrich's prominent local attorney.
 What's that?
 Who made his entrance in what was erroneously listed on the program as a wealthy gentleman's dining room.
 The scene was actually on the western plane.
 And when Mr. Ulrich caught the buffalo single handed,
 wrestled with it and threw it into the cave where the double doors the audience went wild.
 What's that? No, wait a minute.
 (dramatic music)
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 Homer, do you think this letter is clear enough?
 Water letter, Henry, water letter.
 I'm sending a copy to each one of the seven people
 that loan us water table leaves.
 Oh, it says, "Dear Mrs. So-and-so."
 This is to thank you for loaning us your leaves.
 But, soon it will slight mix up
 where you please have your husband come to the school
 auditorium Monday morning with either a leaf that matches
 or some part of your dining room table
 so that we can eliminate this little confusion.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 This rebroadcast of the Aldrich family is the presentation of the Armed Forces Radio Serp.
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
