 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Oldrich!
 Coming, mother!
 The Oldrich family!
 A special rebroadcast for you, soldier, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations!
 [Music]
 Through a teenage boy each new day is a new world, and each moment of it is filled with all sorts of discoveries and excitement and even mishaps, which grownups can somehow always envy.
 So it is with Henry Aldrich.
 The scene opens at the Aldrich breakfast table.
 You didn't answer my question, mother.
 Can I?
 I mean, may I?
 Henry, will you please eat your cereal?
 I am.
 I'm eating it.
 Only may I, please.
 Alice, may I have to cream, please?
 Here you are, Sam.
 Mother, excuse me.
 But did you say I'm I?
 Sam, what do you think?
 Alice is nothing to begin by drawing me into this.
 Henry knows exactly how I stand on the matter.
 But, Father, that's a beautiful part of it.
 I'm not asking you.
 I'm not relieving asking mother.
 I'm just suggesting it.
 Henry, were you pleased with your spoon back in your cereal?
 Oh.
 Was I pointing?
 You were?
 Excuse me.
 Henry, didn't you ask me to advance you a dollar on your allowance last week?
 And didn't I make it clear this is the only way you could ever be taught a lesson?
 Yes, Mother, sure.
 And now I've learned how important money is.
 So couldn't you advance it?
 Ben, what do you think?
 What do I think about what?
 Alice, do you see this piece of court plaster on my chin?
 Yes, dear.
 I'll tell you what it is, Mother.
 I shouldn't have asked him for the dollar while he was shaving.
 - Honey, would you like another piece of toast?
 - No, thank you, Virginia.
 - Virginia?
 - Oh, gee, what's Murray, did I call you?
 No, thanks, I don't care for any toast.
 - Virginia who? Virginia who?
 - Nobody, Mary, nobody.
 I just happened to be thinking about a problem I have,
 and I wasn't thinking.
 - Mary, may I have a piece of toast?
 - He or her father?
 - Mother, and now that father doesn't have
 his knife and fork in his hand, may I have your decision?
 - Henry, what is it you want the dollar for?
 - Nothing special, Mother.
 I just...boy, if I don't have it, then what do you think?
 Where's the sugar?
 Right here, Father. Let me give it to you.
 Oh, she's...
 Henry, oh, did you part half the bow into Father's egg?
 And there you are.
 Henry, until you were able to concentrate on breakfast,
 instead of thinking about...about...
 Then your sleeves in the butter.
 But then...
 Oh, wipe it off for him, Mother. Father, hold your elbow up.
 Where's the napkin?
 Here, Virginia, use mine.
 What's that?
 Oh, she was... I call you Father, Virginia.
 Henry, it's just what I suspected.
 You've got a crush on that redheaded girl over on Maple Street.
 - Virginia Lee. - On who?
 Isn't her father the head of the Board of Education?
 You're just trying to get a passing mark in all your subjects.
 Mary of all the wild rumors of all the...
 Mary, I hardly even know Virginia Lee.
 Why, Harry Aldrich.
 Didn't I see you talking with her yesterday?
 Who I?
 Sure.
 Maybe I was saying I'd be glad to come to her party tonight, but...
 That's all I said.
 But for anybody to go around saying,
 "Why so far as I'm concerned, Virginia Lee...
 - Virginia Lee Henry, we'll take your word for it.
 You're not even slightly interested in it.
 Now please quiet down and finish your breath.
 - Yes mother, excuse me.
 - Henry it's just as well you're not interested in it.
 If you ask me she has the quickest temper.
 - Who, Virginia Lee?
 Virginia Lee has a temper.
 - Mary she's got one of the nicestest dispositions.
 - Henry.
 - Yes father?
 - That's my toast you're waving.
 - Oh excuse me.
 - Gee how'd I ever get ahold of that?
 - And what's more Mary, her hair is not red, it's all blue.
 - So it certainly looks red to me.
 And that's just the kind of a statement that that that's that's how you if you're choking
 drink some water.
 I'm not choking mother.
 Look I'm reading fine.
 I just want to make it clear that when you're invited to a party at Virginia Lees, it's
 a very great honor.
 She doesn't ask everybody Mary.
 And besides it's just a way she has.
 She doesn't mean what she says.
 She was Mary.
 Whatever made you think she has a temper.
 Henry all I know is the one time in my life I had ever spoken to Virginia Lees.
 She snapped at me.
 She why?
 She snapped at me.
 It was a Jane Prescott tea.
 I said Virginia which will you have my men are clean and she said neither just like that said what neither father
 What's your chief said couldn't she have at least said please when she didn't want either
 Homer's at you
 Is that Homer? I'm going to the office you want to look out mr. All Richard slippery out. Thank you. Good morning Homer
 I miss his old which you having hot cakes for breakfast. No, dear. Oh, oh
 Hey, Henry
 You know what George Bigelow and Jimmy Violet and Harry would now Graham and I are all gonna do tonight boy
 Wait, I tell you what I'm gonna do with going to a party over at Virginia Lee's
 Where and to say the least it certainly sounds exclusive now wait a minute Mary listen Homer
 What time did she tell you to be there eight thirty there Mary see what time did you tell you to be there?
 Not a minute later than eight fifty. What are you gonna do move the furniture for?
 Why come on? Let's get started. Oh well first Homer. Oh look mother. Could I speak to you alone for just a minute alone?
 Yes, mother. I'll get you.
 Henry, is it about that dollar?
 Mary, have I even mentioned a dollar to you in?
 Henry, what is it you want to speak to me about?
 All I ask you to do is put enough confidence in me to come out here.
 Hey, George. Wait a second before you go in the classroom.
 What did you want?
 Could you lend me a dollar?
 A dollar, Homer?
 To you?
 Well, it isn't for me exactly. It's really for Henry Aldrich. He has to have it so we can't see it up anyplace.
 Don't you think I have any respect for my money?
 Look at him, Homer. Look at him. Look at who, Agnes.
 Henry, he's right out there in the car at a showing off in front of Virginia Lee.
 What's he doing, Agnes?
 He's got his coat on inside out and he's trying to make her laugh.
 My goodness, Tommy, you ought to bring him to a census of all girls, Virginia Lee.
 Don't you like Virginia Lee, Agnes? Boy, I think... boy.
 What do you mean by that?
 Nothing, Agnes, nothing.
 This is how we make Henry's stuff.
 I'm dying.
 Hi, Virginia.
 You've got his coat on wrong side out. He's forgetting to be a camel.
 Hey, Virginia.
 Moo!
 [laughter]
 Henry, if you ask me, you're making a public spectacle.
 Look at that.
 I can just look at me. I can go two weeks without water.
 Moo!
 [laughter]
 How far is I? I'm concerned I'm going into assembly.
 Homer, you've come.
 Why are you?
 I always forget out of my way.
 Look at him. George is Henry as free.
 Bring!
 Virginia, come over here a second.
 I want to ask you something.
 I can't.
 Your dad got to go into a sample.
 Goodbye, Virginia.
 Can we put your coat on right before somebody comes along and sees you?
 She wins.
 Who's coming, Homer?
 I can wear it anyway.
 I'd please if I want to.
 I bet you don't dare wear it that way all day, Henry.
 Well, I would if I wanted to.
 I just don't want to.
 Yeah?
 You haven't got enough nerve to.
 What do you mean I haven't got enough nerve to?
 I'm just not going to wear it.
 So what'd you tell me to?
 All right.
 I'll call you a bluff.
 You wanted to borrow a dollar, didn't you?
 So why?
 inside out and I'll loan it to you. You will? Now wait a minute Henry don't do it.
 Homer you please keep out of this. You're afraid to Henry you're afraid to.
 Georgia doesn't be cause of that I just... you know... cause she got dollar again here.
 Now wait Henry. There isn't any girl in the world that's worth that.
 Homer will you stop pulling me? Let him alone Homer. George will you stop pulling
 in yourself? Now wait a minute fellas wait a minute let me be the one to decide this.
 [Music]
 I have also been asked to announce to the student body that there will be a
 concert of chamber music in this auditorium tomorrow evening at 8.30.
 Those wishing tickets will be seen as Hopkins.
 No, not with Hopkins.
 Yes, Ms. Hopkins.
 I was little ahead of myself there.
 And I trusted all of you who work with a young man in about the 10th row
 who is forced to teach him from the aisle please rise.
 To why?
 Yes, I mean you young man.
 I'm Mr. Bradley.
 That's right. Will you please stand?
 Yes sir.
 May I ask just what that is you are wearing in this assembly?
 My coat.
 Your coat.
 And may I ask why you are wearing it wrong side out?
 I'll take you what I'm going to do, young man.
 I'm going to give you the opportunity of coming up here onto this platform
 so that everyone downstairs and up in the balcony can share the pleasure of looking at you.
 Now?
 Step right along, please. Our time is limited and we want to get on with the program.
 Your name is Orange, isn't it?
 Yes, sir.
 Do you remember my giving a talk only last September
 on how the young men in this school should be careful of their appearance and assembly?
 No sir.
 Quiet please.
 This is hardly a laughing matter.
 You don't remember?
 I... I guess I was sick that day.
 Yes, you were sick that day.
 Exactly what is it you think you look like?
 Well, why...
 Before I came in here, I...
 I was a camel.
 Right?
 Whatever possessed you to do a thing like this?
 Why, will you see Virginia Lake?
 I mean...
 (audience laughs)
 - Why you...
 (upbeat music)
 - Henry!
 Henry, aren't you in the dining room?
 - Yes, sure, Mother.
 I'm in here.
 - Bye, goodnight Henry.
 You haven't touched a thing.
 But Mother, I'm not hungry.
 - Henry, are you talking
 Because I wouldn't let you have that dollar to buy a box of candy for Virginia Lee.
 She was no mother.
 I'll give you my word.
 I'm not shocking.
 Well then, what is it?
 Don't you feel well?
 Yes, sure.
 I feel fine.
 Don't you remember the big breakfast I ate?
 Gee, I had toast.
 Note me, you're rude.
 Just the same, you're going to sit up there like a gentleman and eat.
 Did you do nicely in assembly, dear?
 In assembly?
 Yes, I was just talking on the phone with Agnes Lawson's mother before you came in.
 She said something I didn't quite understand.
 It was something about you, you understand, Blake?
 Oh, yes.
 Yes, I was in the assembly this morning.
 And you took part in the program?
 Yes.
 Yes, I guess you'd say I took part in it, sort of.
 Well, it wasn't that nice here.
 You didn't tell me it back that you were going to.
 Well, it was sort of all of a sudden.
 What did you do, lead the Bible?
 No, nothing like that, Mother.
 I-- I don't want anything more.
 I think I'd better be going.
 Henry, you're here to eat your dessert before you leave.
 My dessert mother, but don't just see I've got a lot of my.
 If I don't get started back for school, I'm going to be late.
 Now you have plenty of time before you get back.
 What was it we were talking about?
 A white.
 I don't know.
 Oh, you wanted to tell me about your appearance in a sandblaze.
 My appearance?
 Yes, I thought you said you made an appearance.
 Oh, that.
 Henry, I'm just a bit provoked with you.
 There's no sense in being as modest as all that.
 I remember now Mrs. Lawson said something about you wearing a costume.
 A costume?
 Yes, and the students all laugh and say they've never seen anything so funny in their lives.
 Well, were you in a little sketch of some kind?
 A sketch?
 Your Uncle John, you know, was awfully good at entertaining like that.
 You almost went on the stage one, and you've always been very much like him.
 Like Uncle John, well, to tell you the truth of life, I just went up on the stage.
 That Mr. Bradley's request.
 Yes, and he held me up as an example.
 An example?
 An example of what?
 Well, it was this darn coat and I'm--
 Henry, what do you mean?
 Didn't you wear a costume?
 No, Mother, just a suit.
 Now I've got to go.
 Henry, do you mean Mr. Bradley didn't like the way you looked?
 Yes, I mean no, I mean--
 Goodbye.
 Henry, you mean it criticized your clothes?
 And, Mother, I've got to go.
 But Henry, wait!
 Hello?
 Hello, Alice, this is Sam.
 Sam, I'm glad you called.
 Alice, I've been thinking it over.
 If you want to let Henry have a dollar, go ahead.
 But first make it clear out that it's alone and not a gift.
 But Sam, he isn't upset about that dollar.
 Mr. Bradley called him up on the platform in assembly this morning and made a public example of his suit.
 What's that?
 That's what he did, Sam. And don't you think that's awful?
 Alice, what suit are you talking about?
 That nice brown tweet of yours that I had the tailor cut down for Henry.
 And Bradley said something about it?
 Yes, Sam, right in front of the whole school. And here he is exactly what I'm going to do.
 [Music]
 Hi, Henry. Wait a second. I'll walk to school with you.
 She was home. Have you seen George Bigelow?
 No. And listen, Henry is Virginia Lee in Paris.
 Is Virginia Lee in Paris?
 She was home and what she's so embarrassed about.
 What do you mean?
 Do you know what I heard her say to somebody? She's gonna change schools.
 Now there isn't anything to worry about Homer. All I have to do is collect my dollar from George Bigelow.
 Well, geez, you- you forget the whole thing.
 He means you'll forget your standing up there in the platform and assembly and shouting your name.
 Homer, I didn't shout it. It just- just slipped out. And incidentally, there he is.
 Hey George! George, come here a second. I guess you've forgotten something.
 Yeah? What did that I forgot?
 That dollar? That dollar you said you'd loan me.
 You're crazy, Henry. I'm not gonna loan you any dollar.
 You're crazy yourself.
 Homie, here was a witness to the whole thing.
 Sure, I was. Sure, I was.
 No, wait. Let me ask you something.
 Didn't I say I'd loan you the dollar provided you'd wear your coat inside out all day?
 But it wasn't my fault, Mr. Bradley made me change it.
 Well, was it my fault?
 Now, listen, George, quick pushing Henry.
 Then tell him to get out of my way.
 Oh, no, George. You can't get by me until I get that money.
 What do you mean?
 Now, listen, George, let him alone.
 Hey, George, stop!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Good afternoon, Mrs. Aldridge, how are you?
 Very well, thank you.
 I came over to the school to have a little talk with Mr. Bradley.
 Oh. Have you on a part of Mrs. Aldridge?
 An appointment?
 No, but it's rather important that I see him and I decided to come right over.
 Well, I'm sorry, but Mr. Bradley is going to be in conference during most of the afternoon.
 Why don't you come back tomorrow?
 Oh, no, I... Oh, just a minute, please.
 Hello? Oh yes, Mr. Digglow.
 George? He was in a fight.
 You don't say so, Mrs. Digglow.
 Well, Mr. Bradley's in a conference right now, but if you call over a little later, we might be able to squeeze you in. Yes. Good-bye.
 Now, Miss Shea, would you please tell Mr. Bradley that I'm out here?
 I'm quite sure he'll be only too glad to see me.
 Well, I'm sorry, but I have orders not to disturb him.
 You can't tell him I'm here?
 Then I'm afraid there's only one thing I can do.
 I'll sit down here and wait until he can see me.
 After all, there's a limit to everything.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Doesn't anybody answer Homer?
 Not yet.
 How much time do we have before class, Henry?
 Three and a half minutes.
 If a clock in the store is right.
 Hello.
 Here, let me push you off a little more.
 Boy.
 How does my coat look in the back?
 Well, there's one nice thing about it, Henry.
 It isn't torn.
 I mean, the clock really isn't torn.
 It isn't?
 No, it's just nicely ripped, the whole length of the scene.
 Boy.
 Hello?
 Hello, is this Mr. Olrich?
 It is.
 Well, this is Homer Brown.
 Henry's banged up a little, and I've been asked to deliver a message for him.
 What's that?
 We've been trying to call Henry's mother, Mr. Olrich, and she doesn't seem to answer, see?
 Oh, but exactly. What is the trouble?
 That's what I'm going to tell you.
 Henry doesn't want to wear his coat to class this afternoon.
 And he wondered whether you are too busy to hop in the car and pick up one of his other coats
 and bring it over here to the Havens drugstore.
 Oh, but what's the reason he can't wear the coat he has on?
 Well, frankly, he's ashamed to wear it.
 Oh, Murr, you tell Henry that I said he's to wear that coat to class. Is that clear?
 He is.
 Yes, sir. And if anybody asks him why he's wearing it, he's to say that I told him to.
 Yes, Mr. Allers.
 Is that clear?
 Yes, sir.
 Very well then.
 Goodbye.
 Hey, Homer, what do you say? Well, I'll tell you you won't believe it, Henry, but here's what he told me to tell you
 We'll be back with the Aldrich family in just a moment right now
 It's intermission and time for our intermission guests the one and only Tommy Dorsey. Okay, Tommy
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (vocalizing)
 (music)
 [Music]
 (saxophone music)
 (saxophone music)
 (music)
 (saxophone music)
 (music)
 [Music]
 [Music]
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (orchestral music)
 (music)
 [Music]
 (orchestral music)
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich. Henry wore his coat wrong side
 out of the assembly this morning in order to borrow a dollar to buy chocolates for
 its latest girl and Henry's mother misunderstanding the entire episode as
 decided to call on the school principal. The scene opens in the Aldrich front hall
 and Harriet is speaking.
 Mary, is your mother here?
 No, she isn't, Anne-Harry.
 She isn't.
 No, she hasn't been home all afternoon.
 Well, is your father here?
 No, the only one that's here is Henry, and he's up in his room and he won't speak to anyone.
 What's the matter with him?
 He's just completely depressed, Anne-Harry. He won't even let me come near him.
 No.
 I warned him, though. I warned him at breakfast he better not get interested in that Virginia league.
 My goodness, Anne-Harry, do you know what Virginia league did do it?
 What? Well, you know how she has red hair, and I'll admit she's pretty.
 But that's no excuse for her not letting Henry become more party tonight.
 What's that and for no reason at all except that she doesn't like Henry's clothes or something
 Virginia Lee did that to Henry Mary. I don't believe it, but Ann how he did though
 Well, I know one thing if it's true
 I think her mother ought to know about it and I agree with you Anne Harriet and I just wish you call her up called her up
 Nothing. I'll go right over and have a talk with Mrs. Lee face to face. No one can break Henry's heart and get away with it
 [Music]
 Hello Sam, can you hear me?
 Yes Alice, where are you now?
 I'm still up here at the high school waiting to see Mr. Bradley.
 And he refuses to have anything to do with you?
 Yes, dear, and I think we ought to get this whole matter straightened out.
 Well, here's what I can do Alice.
 Joseph Lee is the head of the Board of Education now, isn't he?
 Who is? Joseph Lee? Virginia Lee's father?
 Yes, over on Maple Street. And Alice, I'm going to get in touch with him.
 Well, dear, I think I ought to talk to him too.
 I'll call you as soon as I've gotten ahold of him, Alice. Don't worry.
 Gee, Henry, why don't you try to look at it this way?
 Homer, will you please get out of my room and go on downstairs and go home.
 But, Henry, you just don't understand Virginia.
 She's got a little temper, maybe.
 Sure, but...
 But...
 Do you know what I'm gonna do, Henry?
 I've just had an idea.
 You sit tight, see?
 I'm gonna fix everything all up for you.
 Now, wait a minute, Homer.
 Go with me, Henry.
 I'm gonna fix things up and you're going to that party tonight and have a swell time.
 But Homer!
 Now, wait a minute, Mrs. Orange.
 May I get just one word in here before you go off?
 Mr. Lee, when I'm finished, you may say all you want to.
 I realize this is your home.
 But I've just got to get you straight on this matter of Henry and Mr. Bradley.
 Mrs. Oldridge, I think by this time I am straight.
 But Mrs. Lee doesn't understand. She says she doesn't understand one word.
 Why, of course I do the whole thing as as clear as anything.
 Mrs. Lee, just one minute ago, you say...
 Now, wait a minute, Alice. Let's take one thing at a time.
 Sam, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I'm speaking.
 And so far, dear, you haven't done one bit of good.
 Alice, suppose you let me try to explain this whole thing
 And because there are some things about this that you don't know.
 Harriet, I don't like to interfere, but Alice is talking.
 Well, all I want to know is why Henry can't come to the party tonight.
 I'm sorry, but it's Virginia's party and I don't usually agree with you.
 If Henry isn't wanted, he would certainly be the last one who would want to come.
 But the point is, I waited in Mr Bradley's office for two and one-half hours.
 And I want to know what the Board of Education is going to do about it.
 Mrs. Orridge, I regret to have to tell you that the Board of Education
 has absolutely nothing to do with what appointments Mr Bradley keeps or does not keep.
 Well Mr. Lee, under ordinary circumstances, I would say you were right.
 Sammy's not right. You're not agreeing with him, are you?
 I was saying he was agreeing with him.
 Now just a minute, Harriet. Just a minute.
 Hello, Mrs. Lee. Where's Virginia?
 Home of Brown, is that you?
 Yeah, I've got to see her. I've got to see her.
 Homer, would you mind getting out of this room?
 We happen to be in a conference.
 Oh, excuse me, but isn't Virginia here?
 Homer, we would like to be left alone.
 That's all right, Mr. Allrich. I can take care of Homer.
 Listen, Virginia. I've got to tell you something.
 And then we always tend you over here again.
 Virginia, that is no way to speak to a guest.
 And, Mother, I agree with you.
 But he isn't my guest, I don't want to see him.
 Virginia, do you know why Henry Warren's
 coat and assembly wrong side out this morning?
 What's that?
 I'm not even interested in why he did it.
 What do you mean wrong side out?
 Excuse me, Mr. Oldrich, but I want to tell Virginia something.
 And I want to ask you something.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 And right, can you see whether there's any car coming in back of us?
 Just a second, Father, and I'll look out the back window.
 No, sir, and there isn't a thing in back of us.
 Just a second now while I pull up to the curb.
 Oh, now then, just a minute, Henry.
 Do you realize just what you did today?
 Yes, Father.
 You made a bit of a fool of yourself, didn't you?
 Right in front of the whole school.
 Yes, Father.
 You shouldn't have done it, even if it was for a woman.
 Yes, sir.
 I'll have to admit the girl in this case isn't bad looking,
 and in fact, she's rather pretty.
 Yes, Father.
 But that is still no excuse.
 Yes, sir.
 She, how could I ever happen to do a thing like that?
 She am I ashamed of myself.
 I'm glad to hear you say that.
 Here, let me open the door for you.
 Now, go on into Virginia's party and have a good time.
 Thank you, Father.
 And I want to tell you both how very sorry I am
 that I embarrassed you so much today.
 That's all right, dear.
 Now, go on in.
 OK.
 And thanks again for everything.
 Wait a minute, Sam.
 Look at the living room window up there on the porch.
 Yeah.
 Quite a crowd.
 Well, they're dancing.
 There's Homer Brown and Agnes and George Bigelow.
 I wonder who's playing the piano. It's lovely.
 Alice, was that Henry? I just saw him there.
 Yes, and he's dancing already with Virginia Lee.
 Not a bad looking young man, is he? Quite a gentleman.
 He certainly does look nice.
 Only Sam, look at the way Virginia's laughing at him.
 What in the world is Henry doing?
 What's that?
 He's dancing with something on his head.
 Alice, that's a lampshade. What's he doing that for?
 - I'm going that far. - Say it, it's not his...
 And right after Henry promised faithfully...
 I wonder if I hear as Alice that women can make such fools out of men?
 [Music]
 Hello? Hello, is Henry there?
 No, he isn't. Is there any message? This is his father.
 Oh, this is Virginia. I just wanted to tell Henry how much he added to the party last night.
 Very well.
 Oh, my goodness, I never laughed so hard. No, my life.
 I guess he's starting to guess it from that actor.
 What's that?
 You know, Tommy, don't go kill him. That came attack.
 He had me tell me all about farming.
 What's that? No, wait a minute.
 [applause]
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (drumming)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 This rebroadcast of the Aldrich family is a presentation of the Armed Forces Radio Service.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (dramatic music)
 (drumming)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (jazz music)
 (lively music)
 (dramatic music)
 (drumming)
 (jazz music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
