 [Music]
 Henry!
 Henry!
 Come on, are they?
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the oldest family based on characters originated by
 by K
 and now for the Aldrich family.
 They say that when you grow out of the teenage group it's like being expelled from paradise.
 You can't ever go back. But you can recall that time in your life in the
 misadventures of Henry Albridge. It's early evening and the scene opens in the
 Albridge living room.
 Boy, that's rich.
 Let's hear it.
 And we go and read some.
 And the father is trying to read his paper.
 Oh, I'm sorry, Father.
 That's all right. I'm sure my paper isn't as amusing as whatever it is you and Homer are reading.
 We're reading Willie's column in the school paper.
 Yeah, the Senate bill high, low down.
 - Would you care to hear a couple of items, Father?
 - No, thank you.
 I just struggled along with my own paper,
 doll as it is.
 - Yes, sir.
 - And please try to be a little more quiet, boys, won't you?
 - Oh, yes, Mrs. Aldrich.
 We'll read to ourselves, Mother.
 - Good.
 (laughing)
 What is it, Homer?
 - Listen to this, him.
 What boy was seen with what girl on what day?
 Having soda at what drug store?
 I like that. That's the third time this week Willie's mentioned me.
 [audience laughter]
 Oh, Homer, Willie's mentioned you too.
 He does. Let me see.
 Right here.
 Yesterday, most of the students in Mr. Miller's manual training class finished their coffee tables.
 Homer Brown is still working on a breadboard.
 [audience laughter]
 Some mention.
 Hey, here's some real dirt. Flash.
 George Bigelow and Natalie Bishop have...
 They have actually...
 It says here they...
 Please, please, I'm trying to light my cigar.
 Oh, sorry, Tommy.
 Boys, if I were to take your paper out on the front porch...
 Never mind, I was...
 If you'd rather we left, Father...
 Oh, no, no, there's nothing in my paper but news.
 Nobody has...
 ...if anybody.
 [audience laughing]
 - Hey, here, here's something about Gladys Prennett.
 - No kidding.
 - Is it that I'm taking you to the baseball game Saturday?
 - Oh.
 - Not exactly.
 - Did I take her to the class dance?
 - No.
 - Well, what does it say?
 - You better read it yourself, him.
 - Let's see.
 A very cozy twosome these days is Gladys Prennett's and...
 George Bigelow.
 They can be seen almost any time at the Haven's drugstore.
 Oh, this is nothing more or less than the old journalism.
 It's just a gossip column.
 There's no excuse for printing lies.
 Come on, homie.
 Where are you going?
 Where are you going?
 You'll find it.
 It looks like George Bigelow is spoiling Henry's dinner.
 The speaking of the Bigelow's hand there coming over for Bridge.
 Well, not this evening, I hope.
 Yes, dear.
 Oh, as I just wanted to relax and take it easy tonight.
 Sam, I had to ask them.
 We've been to their house for Bridge the last three or four times.
 I wouldn't mind so much, but the way Frank plays bridge is so annoyed.
 The overbids play the wrong cards, forgets the rules.
 But he always wins.
 That's what's so annoyed.
 Now, this isn't the some way we could get out of it gracefully.
 Dear, I don't know how.
 Frank's a good friend and client, and I don't want to offend him, but...
 I'm sure you can think of something.
 All right, Sam, but if I make some excuse, I don't want them to catch us at home.
 We'll go to the movie.
 go to the movie the movies no I will not go to the movie tonight very well then
 it's bridge with the big aloes what time does the feature start when you call
 the big those make it plausible don't worry do you think it's something
 you can't still be busy are you on the phone Henry I won't be long mother hello
 operator please give me a home 230 all right here but hurry I have an important
 call to make hello hello Mrs. Prentice can I speak to Gladys she's not there
 well do you happen to know what you know well did she say she didn't thanks Mrs.
 Prentice she isn't home no it's probably out with Agnes Agnes is in Abbott City
 Cheers.
 Homer, I just happened to think I don't remember our English assignment for homework.
 I'd better call somebody and find out.
 I know what it is.
 It's page 140 to 150 of Ivan.
 Oh, I'll just say my better calling makes sure.
 Operator, please give me Elm 6354.
 Well, that's George Bigelow.
 I call him.
 He never does his English homework.
 Homer, that doesn't mean he doesn't know what it is.
 Hello?
 Can I speak to George?
 Oh, he isn't?
 Well, do you know where he is, Mrs. Bigelow?
 The Haven's drugstore?
 Oh, somebody called him and he went out?
 Some fella, I suppose.
 Oh, it was a girl, huh?
 Thank you.
 Goodbye.
 Homer, I think I'll go out for a walk.
 Okay, and I'll go along with you.
 I feel like a soda, too.
 [Music]
 What are you looking for here, do you see anything?
 Homer, I'm not looking for anything.
 And besides, there's nobody here.
 Nobody here?
 The drugstore is faulty.
 It was just a figure of speech.
 Oh.
 And look, there's Windbag, Willie Marshall.
 Do you know what I've got a good mind to do?
 Why?
 Come on.
 Listen, Willie.
 No father meat fellas, I'm working against the deadline.
 Oh, what are you writing, Willie?
 I'm reviewing a new movie that opened at the B-shoot tonight.
 I'm giving it four bells.
 The picture was that good?
 No, but I got in for nothing.
 Why should I bite the hand that gave me a pass?
 Listen, Willie, you ought to be careful about the lives you prick in your column.
 Oh, yeah? Any lies you say in my column happen to be the truth?
 Is that so?
 Didn't you say that George and Gladys are always here in the drugstore?
 Sure, and it's true.
 That's funny. I don't see him anyplace. Do you?
 Not me.
 Oh boy.
 Well, for your information, they were just here.
 As a matter of fact, they were right in the next booth.
 Oh, sure, Willie.
 But they were.
 No, Willie. We know.
 Listen, you guys, I tell you, George and Goddess were sitting right in that booth not over five minutes ago.
 Well, if you didn't have to make things up just to be important...
 Hey, Hank.
 What, Homer?
 Willie's half right.
 Here's George's algebra book.
 Let's see.
 That's George's algebra book, all right?
 I'd know that touch of stain anywhere.
 You see, I was telling the truth.
 But it all proves, well, I mean,
 proves that just George was here, not glad.
 Hey, Henry, be careful.
 You dropped something out of the book.
 What's he?
 Oh, what?
 He looks like a girl's writing.
 Well, I'm surprised that you know it's not
 right to read somebody else's mail.
 Newspaper men are supposed to read personal mail.
 It's a matter of principle.
 Just the same.
 I don't think you ought to read it.
 Henry, doesn't it look familiar to you?
 Homer, if you think I think Gladys wrote it, you're wrong.
 And besides, lots of girls use green ink on purple paper.
 Boy, is this hot? Listen.
 - Well, I don't think you should. - Please believe me.
 This whole thing is just a misunderstanding.
 No matter who I go out with, it's always you I'm thinking of.
 Boy, I mean that Gladys.
 As for that party you may have seen me with,
 I just want you to know that that party means nothing at all to me.
 In fact, less than nothing.
 Did you hear that, Henry?
 So what, Homer?
 Gladys is old enough to make up her own mind about who she wants to go out with.
 What an item this will make for my column.
 Willie, I won't let you print that letter.
 Give it to me.
 I won't let him put something in here.
 Put something in here.
 Let go of the company.
 You guys.
 Hello, George.
 Here you are, Henry.
 You can have it.
 Wait a minute, will we?
 I did I leave my algebra book around here?
 Ah, algebra book?
 What kind?
 The kind you're holding in your hand.
 Let's have it.
 Hey Gladys, here it is.
 I found it.
 Oh, I'm glad George.
 Hello, boys.
 Oh, Gladys.
 Boy, am I glad I found this book.
 There's something pretty important in it.
 Hey, Gladys.
 I should say.
 That's Gladys.
 It isn't here.
 Well, are you sure?
 My goodness, George.
 Don't tell me you've lost it.
 Oh, I put it right here in the chapter on binomial theorems.
 Henry, is that my letter here holding this?
 Well, what do you know?
 [audience laughing]
 So it is.
 Come on Homer, not so fast.
 This letter's been opened.
 I'm gonna punch you right in the nose, Henry.
 Henry, you opened a personal letter.
 Gladys, I never--
 That's the lowest thing I ever heard.
 You don't understand, I don't think--
 I think I do understand.
 You do?
 Yes, and you can just go to the baseball game without me.
 Come on, June.
 Gladys, if you'll just listen--
 Oh, just listen, Gladys!
 Oh, boy.
 Well, he went to tell George you were the one who read the letter.
 Oh, or how could I? You know what a temper George has.
 You could have told him it was a matter of principle.
 It was also a matter of principle to keep from getting slogged.
 I hope I can remember how that letter went.
 Well, you're not going to print that letter.
 Well, sure I am, and with a head loss.
 Listen, will he? Why involve innocent people?
 By who?
 Well, like Gladys.
 I don't think I'm going to kill a big story like this, do you? I owe it to my reader.
 Look, Willie.
 Nothing doing. It's my duty to print it.
 I suppose you know George wouldn't like it.
 George?
 Sure.
 It's his personal mail you're making public.
 Henry, add a friendship to you, I'll sit on the story.
 You will?
 Gee, thanks, Willie.
 But you'll have to do me a favor.
 Anything you say, Willie?
 Just name.
 Well, I have to go over to Abbott City early tomorrow to cover the Teacher's Convention.
 I want you to deliver my column to the print shop at school tomorrow.
 Is that all?
 Consider it done, Lily.
 OK, here's a column.
 Either way.
 Yes, Lily?
 Supposed to be there at 7.30.
 What in the morning?
 7.30.
 Don't forget, we made a bargain.
 I don't know if it was such a bargain.
 OK, Lily, it'll be there at 7.30.
 Well, I'll see you guys.
 Be sure it's there on time.
 Boy, Henry.
 I'll admit it's pretty early in the morning.
 morning it's the middle of the night. Homer it won't kill you to get up early
 one morning. Maybe not but it shouldn't do me any good. Well Willie thinks he's such
 a big shot with his column. Look at this Homer he can't even spell. Why? What do
 you spell success? S-U-C-C-E-S-S.
 And he calls himself a journalist.
 Go on and change it, him.
 Cross out a seat.
 Homeless success is supposed to have two seats.
 But it's not supposed to have two wesses on the end.
 Are you sure?
 Are you?
 Why don't we play safe and cross out a C and a Niss?
 Good idea.
 There.
 There. Yeah, it looks much better.
 It does it that. Charlie Clark's success.
 A bunch of the boys gathered at Charlie's house to watch him shave.
 This is the second time this semester.
 Charlie has high hopes of a mustache in the near future.
 Pretty sensation.
 But do you know what I have a good notion to do with Willie's column?
 Why?
 Let everyone know how...
 Well, let them know the kind that Guy George Bigelow is.
 But you might not like it.
 That's the point, Homer. That's the point.
 Hand me that pencil.
 You hear your egg, Sam?
 Mm-hmm.
 Oh, thank you, Ollie.
 Sam, you know my rule about reading the morning times at the table.
 This is yesterday's Centerville High Lowdown.
 I was just reading Willie Marshall's column in the school paper.
 By the way, Sam, Frank Bigelow called you. He wants you to call him right back.
 All right, Alice, in just a minute.
 Listen to this, will you?
 Names in the news.
 President Truman and General MacArthur.
 What else did he say?
 That's all.
 I guess that's Alice.
 What Centivell High student with the initials G.V.
 who recently with Natalie Bishop
 is now being seen in the company of what unsuspecting girl
 does she know she's taking a chance of being
 tossed aside like an old shoe tree?
 (laughing)
 Oh, this is priceless.
 The popular Centivell citizen Will Brown
 and father of popular Homer Brown
 has been raising the question
 with his popular wife Mrs. Brown
 over the matter of too much starch in his college.
 No! I'd give a million dollars to see Wilboff's basement he meets.
 Oh, Alice, I'm in here. You are?
 Yeah, listen. Mr. Orrit's popular centerville lawyer and father of the popular Henry Orrit.
 Attended a movie yesterday evening with his wife the popular Mrs. Orrit.
 What's so funny about that?
 Oh, now where's your sense of humor, Alice?
 Oh, I'm glad it starts you, Ms. Orrit's.
 I just hope the Bigelow's enjoy it when they read it.
 The Bigelow.
 Yes, Sam, the Bigelow's.
 Good heavens, I forgot about that.
 And I told him you had to work.
 You didn't.
 Maybe you can convince Frank that it's a habit of yours taking work to the movies.
 Things have come to a pretty pass when a person can go to a movie without the whole town knowing about it.
 Oh my goodness, Sam.
 What is it, Alice?
 Do you think that's what Frank Bigelow's been calling you about?
 Frank would never read the school paper.
 I don't think.
 Don't forget Joy's probably brought the paper home.
 What am I going to say to Frank?
 I don't know, dear.
 How did Willie find out we were at the movies?
 Who?
 Edward!
 Sam, don't blame Henry.
 Willie was at the movies, too.
 Were you calling my father?
 I was just about to leave for school if that's what's on your mind.
 It was nothing, Henry, and answer that on your way out.
 Is that it possible that Frank won't see the paper?
 Hello?
 Hello, Henry?
 Oh, hello, Gladys.
 Is Willy there?
 Willy?
 Yes.
 No.
 Oh.
 What do you want him for?
 Did you see his column in yesterday's paper?
 Why you have--
 I just like to give him a piece of my mind.
 I've been working my fingers to the bone, trying to help George make up with Natalie Bishop.
 You heard?
 Sure.
 She was angry because he heard that George was running around with other girls.
 Oh.
 I even helped him write a perfectly wonderful letter that couldn't help but bring them together again.
 And now Willy is going and spoiled the whole thing.
 You got Gladys.
 Poor George.
 Poor George?
 Well, I'll have to hang up now, Henry.
 What's your hurry, Gladys?
 I've got to go find George.
 At a time like this, he needs someone.
 Henry.
 Listen, Gladys.
 Goodbye, Henry.
 [COUGHING]
 Hey, Henry.
 Hi, Homer.
 About those things we put in Willie's car.
 No, I just ran into George Bigelow,
 and I thought you better know.
 So?
 George says that he personally single-handed
 will make hand burger out of whoever wrote that thing
 in the car. Oh boy. And we got looking for Willie Marshall right now.
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich. It's later the same morning and
 the scene opens in Mr. Olridge's office. Hello. Hello. Can I please speak to Mr.
 Olridge? Oh, chew Alice. Hello. I couldn't say I didn't recognize your voice. Maybe we had a bad connection.
 I'm sure he's seen that thing in the paper.
 Did he sound angry?
 Well, he was a little excited.
 What are you going to say to him?
 I think I'd better give him a little time to cool off.
 I don't know why you don't call him right away and get it over.
 Alice, I hope you don't think I'm afraid of Frank Bigelow.
 Dear, I didn't say that.
 Because after all, I haven't done anything criminal.
 I know.
 But if you think I have any fear of speaking to him,
 I'll certainly call him.
 When said?
 First thing in the morning.
 [Music]
 Are you sure he didn't get past your home?
 I haven't been watching the entrance for 40 minutes. He can't be in school unless he can't early.
 Were you to the print shop?
 Yeah, he hasn't been there yet. We'd better make sure we get a hold of Willie before George does.
 Gladys is looking for Willie too.
 Boy if Gladys finds out I had anything to do with that column
 She'll never look me in the face again. And if George finds out she won't recognize your face
 Why don't think George is really that sore do you
 Do you I know is that George hit Toby Smith once and Toby was out of school for three days?
 He was and George like Toby
 Homer will you quit exaggerating
 There's only one thing for us to do get transfer to Abbott City High. We have to get rid of Willie
 get rid of him you mean
 For good no
 No, we've got to keep him out of sight for a few days till George and Natalie make up
 How are you gonna do that? I don't know I'll have to think about it. Hi fellas. Willie how
 How was the convention yesterday?
 Pretty dull. How would you like to spend the whole day with teachers?
 We did.
 Not the same thing.
 You guys turned my column in on time yesterday?
 Sure. How did it look?
 It certainly did, Willie.
 Well, I guess I'll go down on the print shop and look at a copy.
 The print shop will... Willie...
 You don't want to do that. I don't.
 How did I turn?
 - Well, Willie. - Well, thanks.
 Come on, you guys, quick problem. Let me pass.
 Guys, Willie, who's crowded?
 You are. No over will you?
 Willie.
 Why?
 How do you feel?
 I feel fine.
 I think he looks a little pale.
 I do? Oh, it's probably nothing.
 I don't know him. There are all kinds of things floating around that a person could catch.
 You guys think it's a little warm?
 No, as a matter of fact, it's a little chilly.
 Gee, maybe I got a fever.
 He was a little flushed.
 He just said I was pale.
 Fastest change I ever saw.
 I don't feel so good.
 Maybe I'd better see the nurse.
 That's a slow idea, Willie.
 And we'd better hurry while you're still able to walk.
 Well, I feel terrible.
 And?
 Yes, Willie.
 Can I lean on you?
 Uh-huh.
 Look all right, Willie. What's the matter with you?
 I've got symptoms, Miss Fox.
 Symptoms? What kind?
 Well, that's the frightening part. I don't know.
 Oh, that's the most dangerous kind.
 It is? Oh, boy.
 Hey, Ray, Homer. Are you also victims of this rare malady?
 Oh, no, Miss Fox.
 No, we just helped Willie tear off.
 I see. Stick out your tongue, Willie.
 Stick it out.
 Eh.
 Oh, dear me.
 Ah.
 Have you had any cold lately?
 Ah.
 How about headaches?
 Do you have had them?
 Ah-hah.
 Very well, Willie.
 You might put your tongue back now.
 Ah-hah.
 Thanks, Miss Fox.
 What do you think I have?
 Willie, I think you have a very severe case
 of the ancient history.
 What?
 Patients with symptoms like yours usually have that melody.
 I beg your pardon?
 We also get quite a few algebra cases and some Spanish cases.
 So what class have you got?
 I got study.
 Well, maybe I better send you home.
 Oh my goodness, isn't anyone going to get the phone?
 I've been answering it all day.
 Frankly, whether I'm not expecting any calls.
 I don't think anyone will be calling me.
 I suppose I'll have to answer it.
 I'm sure it isn't for me.
 Henry, I really think one of us should have taken the phone.
 Yes, sir.
 I guess I should.
 Who?
 Bigelow?
 Oh, just a moment.
 George.
 You see, I told you it wasn't for me.
 A mother, Alice.
 It's for you, Sam.
 Frank Bigelow.
 Well, I suppose I might as well get it over with.
 Sammy, you haven't spoken to him yet?
 It kept slipping my mind, Alice.
 I wouldn't blame him if he were angry now.
 Hello Frank.
 Hello Sam. Good heavens, I haven't tried to get all of you French.
 I know Frank, I'm awfully sorry. Look Frank, why don't we get together for bridge tonight?
 What?
 And maybe make a weekly game of it. It's always a pleasure to play with you.
 Well thanks, Sam. I like that.
 Good?
 And listen, Sam, there isn't even calling you. I had a rush deal to develop a completely new corporate setup.
 It was a big job and since I couldn't get all of you, I had to call in Anderson.
 Oh, sorry Sam, but I couldn't wait.
 Oh, that's... alright Frank.
 We'll see you about seven for bridge seven.
 Sure, let's get an early start so we can have a nice long evening.
 Oh, sure Frank.
 Oh, by the way it's Henry there. Henry, your son.
 Oh, of course.
 Will you put him on the phone George wants to talk to us.
 Alright Frank.
 Henry, fella whole.
 - Telephone father, Pry? - Yes, George Bigelow.
 George?
 Well, she was father, couldn't you say I'm sick, or not home, or that I--
 - Nonsense, Henry. I don't know what's happening with you and George,
 but I can tell you if you have a disagreeable job to do,
 get it over at once. That's my motto.
 [laughter]
 - And now on. - Yes, sir.
 - Here's the phone.
 - Hello, George. - Listen, Henry, over.
 I found out about the whole thing and let me tell you what's going to happen to you wise guy. Oh, yeah
 Yeah, I'm going to come over and put you right in the nose. All right, George. All right
 Come on over. Let's make it a nose and I'll put your right back
 I'm pretty mad myself after what you did to me and glad it
 Let me tell you a thing or two about now
 You can't tell me a thing about Gladys.
 What about her?
 I'm leaving, Mother.
 Where are you going?
 In the baseball game, remember?
 Oh, who are you going with, Gladys?
 No, Mother.
 Gladys is going with Homer.
 Oh, Natalie?
 Then Natalie's going with Willie.
 Then who are you going with?
 Well, I...
 Excuse me mother
 Hot in there!
 I'm in the right window, George!
 I mean, right when is yours?
 George!
 [Music]
 The Eldridge family can view through the worldwide facilities of the United States Armed Forces Radio Service.
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (music)
