 [Music]
 Dello presents the Aldrich family written by Clifford Goldsmith and starring as Ristone.
 Henry Henry Aldrich! Coming Mother!
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 Now that autumn is on the doorstep, folks, the corner grocery store has begun to take on added color.
 Piled high on the fruit counter are heaps of shiny red cheek apples, yellow peaches and big glossy grapes.
 Yes, sir, it's a mighty attractive sight, but even more inviting is the sight of a bright, colorful, yellow fruit cup,
 Made with some of the same apples, peaches, and grapes.
 Better yet, this swell dessert is wonderfully easy to prepare.
 You first arrange diced tart apples, seated grapes, and diced peaches and sherbet glasses.
 Then make up one package of orange jello according to directions on the box,
 and pour over the fruit. Then chill, and take it from me friends, there is a real treat.
 A tough-notch treat that you can serve either as an appetizer or as a dessert.
 You'll be surprised to find how delightfully the cool tang of orange jello
 blend with the rich flavor of ripe summer fruit.
 Our jello makes a grand fruit cup taste even grander.
 So tomorrow try this tempting jello recipe,
 a combination of juicy red apples,
 tender golden peaches, rich purple grapes,
 and delicious orange jello.
 [Music]
 All of us know a town like Centerville, a family like the Aldrich's, and all of us know a teenage boy like Henry Aldrich.
 Anything is likely to happen when Henry is around, and it usually does.
 As our scene opens tonight, we find Henry Aldrich in the dining room with his father and mother.
 Mother, will you have some more peas?
 No, thank you. You've finished a few peas there or there.
 Oh, I wouldn't think of touching them. Father, wouldn't you like these peas?
 No, thank you.
 I think you ought to have them, Father. I'll just scrape them into your plate.
 Henry, I don't want them.
 Would you like some bread, Mother? No, dear. Now, I just stopped passing things in eat.
 Well, if you don't want anything, just ask for it, huh?
 Boy did I see a swell movie this afternoon.
 I'm going out and get some butter.
 Sit still, mother. I'll go out and get it.
 I'll get it.
 Give me the dish, mother.
 My goodness, one would think you have nothing to do,
 but run around waiting on all of it.
 Family, please tell me what's gotten into Henry.
 I have no more idea than you.
 I offered him his allowance a few minutes ago,
 and he refused it.
 Well, something's wrong.
 After dinner, you'd better take his temperature.
 Is your arm, mother? Will you have some butter?
 No, thank you.
 Oh, go ahead and take a little.
 I have some here.
 Did I tell you I saw a movie this afternoon?
 I believe you did.
 Boy was there a swell guy in it.
 Sam, don't forget when you're downtown tomorrow
 to get two decks of cards and bring them home at noon.
 Oh, giving a bridge, Pardon?
 I am.
 Well, listen, there's no reason in the world
 why I couldn't get those cards for you.
 That's what I was waiting for.
 Give him a dollar, Sam, if he wants to help.
 Henry, are you quite sure none of this
 has anything to do with your conscience?
 My conscience?
 Mm-hmm.
 What conscience?
 Then you happen to me?
 No sir.
 I'm not surprised.
 Mother, about how much do you spend a week on food?
 Well, Mary's away, about $14.
 Well, from now on, I'm paying my share.
 Why, Henry, older, if you're not going to do anything of the kind.
 Yes, I am, Mother. No more free eating for me.
 Have you struck oil, Henry?
 I haven't struck oil, but I've got a job.
 How much do you think I ought to pay a week for my room?
 I have no idea.
 Well, supposing I was a stranger here and you didn't know me.
 And I came to the door and said, "I want a room.
 How much would you charge me?"
 Personally, I wouldn't even let you in.
 Well, why not?
 Not if your hands look the way they do right this minute.
 Oh, she was out, go right up and wash them.
 But before I go, let's settle on a price.
 Would $3 a week be too much?
 What kind of a job do you have?
 You'll learn soon enough.
 I begin tomorrow morning and I'm going to give half of every cent of the day.
 of every cent I make to the Red Cross or something.
 Well, isn't that fine?
 That movie I saw this afternoon was called "The Generous Gentleman."
 And boy was it swell.
 The gentleman did kind things for everybody.
 Did he?
 And did people like him?
 Even when he became old everybody liked him.
 And this swell looking girl that never liked him before finally fell in love with him.
 Henry, eat your mashed potatoes.
 Yes, follow me.
 From now on, I'm going to help my friends
 and do little things for strangers that are in trouble.
 And from now on, mother, you'll never have to tell me more than once to do anything.
 Then for the last time, will you please go up and wash your hands?
 Yes, mother, but first let me tell you how I'm going to help people.
 Young man, have I ever seen you around this golf course before?
 Well, I've been around it.
 Ever had any experience, kettie?
 Well, after all, there isn't much to carrying a bag of clubs is there.
 Oh.
 There were any other boys on hand. I wouldn't even consider you.
 Now, stand back when I put this ball on the tee.
 Yes, sir. But you don't have to worry about me.
 I know that when you're going to hit the ball, I should keep very quiet.
 That's fine.
 Personally, I think if you're being paid to do something, you ought to do it.
 Mm-hmm.
 Even if it's just to keep quiet.
 Do you want me to put that ball back on the tee for you?
 No, thank you. Just stand back.
 Yes, sir.
 And keep your eye on this ball when I hit it. I left my glasses at home.
 Oh, gee, I have wonderful eyesight.
 Good.
 Yes, or everybody speaks about it.
 Have you seen the picture called the generous gentleman?
 Will you please stand back? I'd like to hit this ball.
 Oh, down there.
 Oh, I know who that is down there.
 What do you mean by yelling just as I swing?
 Oh, did I frighten you?
 I didn't make a terrible shot.
 Have you hit it already?
 Didn't you have your eye on it?
 Well, uh...
 We'll find it alright.
 It might have gone over here to the left.
 What makes you think so?
 Well, we'll look to the left first and then work around.
 Hmm...
 The reason I didn't hit it straight-er is because of this coat.
 Would you like to have me carry your coat?
 All the way around the course.
 Gee, I don't mind a little thing like that,
 especially if it helps anybody.
 Alright, here.
 I'll throw it right over my shoulder.
 Ah, Herbert.
 I am.
 Henry!
 I thought that was you.
 Well, a lot of balls out on this course.
 I picked up four just since I got here.
 -Caddy, have you found my ball?
 -Not yet, Mr. Eddie, but Herbert says this is a very good place to look for them.
 -Here it is right here.
 -Oh, have we found it?
 I thought it would be to the left.
 -Let me have my machey.
 -Your machey?
 Do you think that's the best one to use for a shot like that?
 -I'd like my machey.
 -Yes, sir.
 -And when I hit the ball this time, keep your eye on it.
 -Yes, sir.
 No more talking.
 -And this other young man, don't stand so near.
 No sir. Herbert have you seen a picture called the generous gentleman?
 Young man. Yes sir. Herbert. Why?
 He's about to swing the club. Oh what's the name of that picture then we...
 Cathy may I ask who this young man is? Oh I guess I didn't introduce you did I?
 This is Herbert. How do you do sir? What are you doing here? I asked him to meet me here.
 What for? He wants to learn how to caddy. I told him the easiest way would be to watch me.
 I see.
 Well, supposing Herbert, you go over and sit under that shady tree.
 Not the nearest tree, not the one just beyond,
 but the one way over on the far side of the fairway.
 Yes, sir.
 Don't be hurt, Herbert.
 People that are new with this game are always easily upset.
 - Young man. - Yes, sir?
 - Have you your eye on this ball? - Yes, sir.
 - Very well, then. Here goes.
 Gee, whiz, what a sock.
 - Where did it go? - It hit that tree.
 Where did you learn to shoot so straight?
 I never made a shot like that before.
 I didn't think you should have used your mashy.
 The whole trouble is this sweater.
 Oh, that's all right. Just take it off. I'll carry it.
 You're sure you don't mind?
 Gee whiz, I'm here to serve you, aren't I?
 All right. Yeah.
 Give me the number three, iron.
 The number three?
 Yes, sir.
 You want me to roll that log out of your way?
 No, thank you.
 I'll show you how to put the ball right straight down
 on that green.
 OK.
 And don't say a word.
 house. I was look at that ball travel herber almost in a circle. That's the
 first time I ever made a shot like that. You know Mr. Eddie I had a feeling you
 shouldn't use that number three. The trouble is my collar is too tight. Want
 me to take your neck time? You sure it won't be too much trouble. No just roll
 it up and stuff it in my pocket. Did you see where the ball landed? Yes sir.
 Do you see that clump of trees to the left? Uh huh. And that house on the other
 side of the road yes well it went right in the yard of the house just beyond
 how did it do that well I I guess you just laid into it all right all right
 give me another ball there I'll hit it on down you go over and get that on the
 woman meet me at the green yes sir here you are I'll run all the way and don't
 come back without that ball oh you don't have to worry I saw exactly where it
 went I think
 (
 (Music)
 (Coughing)
 Pardon me.
 Pardon me.
 Was there something you wanted?
 Did you see a golf ball land in your backyard?
 Well if one did you better get it before a coffee does.
 I should.
 Yeah.
 Papa says it's because things like that that our chickens won't lay.
 Hmm, I wonder where that one of mine went.
 Well, I'd help you, only. I'm having some trouble with this garden hose.
 What's the matter?
 Well, the figure on the side of the house won't turn off.
 Well, gee whiz, let me give you a hand.
 Well, don't get all wet.
 Oh, don't worry about me. I can turn it.
 Have you seen the generous gentleman?
 No, what?
 It's a slow picture I saw yesterday.
 In it, a guy went out in the rain as a favor to somebody.
 And guess what?
 Guess what? He got soaking wet too.
 He did?
 Yeah.
 Mmm.
 That's strange.
 Well, won't it turn off?
 Mmm.
 You know, I think I can fix it.
 Hey, say it's an issue ball right here.
 So it is. Look, I think if I just slip the handle of this golf club into the spokes
 of a faucet, I can get a little leverage on it.
 Oh my goodness, look at your shoes.
 Look, the club just fits in.
 Oh good gracious look at what you've done to it.
 Imagine.
 I almost spend his number three iron double.
 Look, can you straighten it?
 I think I can.
 Fortunately it's steel.
 There.
 Unless you held it right up to your eye,
 you'd hardly notice it's been bent.
 I'll try the force it once more.
 Oh now look at what you've done.
 She was, I broke it off.
 You don't have another force it to you.
 Oh of course we don't.
 Do you have a telephone?
 No we don't.
 Well don't you have anything for an emergency like that?
 No.
 I'll tell you what I'll do.
 I'll run over to the clubhouse and telephone for a plumber.
 But how about the basement?
 It's running right into it.
 I'll have someone here before you know it.
 Imagine this.
 What is it?
 I found a dollar in my pocket to get my mother some playing cards but I can get them with
 the money I earn for tatting.
 Here you take it.
 What for?
 To pay for the false?
 Why should you pay for it?
 Well I broke it didn't.
 I hear it.
 Go ahead you take it.
 Well thank you.
 I'll take these clubs in this sweater and coat and I'll run every step of the way.
 Well hurry!
 Goodbye and I'm very glad to have been a help to you.
 Hey Henry is that you?
 Yes Herbert, does this road swing around at the clubhouse?
 Yeah, where have you been?
 I've been busy.
 Well, Mr. Ruddy says he needs you.
 I wonder whether I ought to help him a little before I put in that crawl.
 I see a ball, Henry. I'll see you later.
 Hey, buddy.
 Who's that?
 Come back up here on the road a second. What do you my car's stuck in the mud?
 The only trouble is I've got a couple other things to do.
 Well, couldn't you land a full of our hands?
 You need some help?
 Yeah.
 Well, maybe I can assist you.
 Start your motor.
 No, now don't start it quite so fast.
 Okay.
 Just start it real slow, see?
 Look, I'll tell you what, back up until I stop moving my hand.
 You won't let me drop into the ditch, will you?
 Oh no, there's some boards over it.
 Okay.
 Come on.
 Come on.
 Oh, gee, whiz.
 You ought to hear what I'm saying.
 [audience laughter]
 Mr. Du-- do you have a shovel?
 What would I be doing with a shovel?
 Well, you certainly need one.
 [audience laughter]
 Wait a minute, here comes a car behind you.
 Hello there! Hello!
 Would you please let me get by?
 Could you pull up against this gentleman and push--
 Oh, my goodness, I can't drive that well.
 Well, would you like to have me take the wheel?
 Oh, it won't take more than a minute.
 I'm in a terrible hurry.
 It won't take a second.
 You better stand over there so you don't get any mud splashed on you.
 Oh, that's very tough to look you on shore.
 Gee whiz, that's the least I can do.
 This reminds me of a moving picture that's in town this week.
 Oh, you're coming.
 Are you ready to head there?
 Come on.
 Here we go.
 Be careful.
 (Laughter)
 Isn't that strange?
 How far are you?
 Even deeper than you.
 And what am I to do?
 Well, I'll tell you, Miss. I've got to go to the clubhouse and phone a plumber anyhow.
 I'd be very glad to put in a call for a tow car at the same time.
 And in the meantime, I'm due downtown at court.
 You're?
 And if I'm not there, I have to forfeit $25.
 Well my father's a lawyer and I'll phone him too and tell him to go down and fix things for you.
 Are you sure he can?
 Oh gee, he's like me. He likes to do things for people.
 In the same way?
 Well I'll beat it over and phone right away.
 Well my name is Mrs. McGill.
 Yes ma'am.
 And the charges are for talking back to an officer.
 Yes ma'am.
 And if you get a chance to see that picture of the guy that was so nice everyone, don't miss it.
 Henry I thought you were going to see Mr. Reddy.
 Mr. Reddy Herbert Herbert will you go over to the clubhouse for me? I can't Henry I'm finding too many balls
 You are sure I just sold sex to Mr. Reddy well
 Where is he you go right through those trees there under the underbrush?
 Okay, and then go straight through to the swamp
 Okay, tell them these boys to look in there though. I've already cleaned that part out
 Mr. Eddie
 Oh
 Mr. Ready
 Where have you been I just want to tell you I'll be right back
 Where are you going?
 It's a call of plumber.
 What fall?
 I got a lady in a ditch.
 How did you get a lady in a ditch?
 I was trying to get another guy out.
 When?
 Right after I busted a faucet for a girl.
 What faucet?
 The girls!
 Would you like to wear your coat or sweater or anything?
 I would not.
 Boy have I been having a tough time.
 You've been having a tough time.
 I just played four holes with one club.
 How did you do?
 Young man, have you had a sunstroke?
 Do I look pale?
 Are you going to Cathy for me?
 Well, I'll tell you, Mr. Ready.
 I'll give you two more clubs.
 That ought to hold you while I go up on phones.
 Oh, no, you don't.
 You can't eat an hour, never.
 But you don't realize the position you're putting everyone in?
 Come here with that bag.
 I can't help it.
 You're going around with me if I have to drive you around with this club.
 [Music]
 You know, folks, sometimes it's not the things Henry says, but the way he says them, that make all the difference in the world.
 And that's true of a lot of things we all say. Take the simple phrase, "Oh yes."
 And just notice what a variety of meetings a person can put into it.
 For example, suppose you were invited out to dinner, and your hostess asked you if you had ever heard of Jell-O.
 Your answer would be as follows.
 Oh, yes.
 Then, when she informs you that there's to be Jell-O for dessert, you might say eagerly, "Oh, yes?"
 And later, when she asks you if you want a second dish, you'll reply as sure to be, "Oh, yes!"
 So you see, friends, it does make a big difference the way you may say a thing.
 Now, that's true when you say, "Oh, yes!" to a second dish of Jell-O.
 And it's just as true when you order a package of jello at the store.
 Bear that in mind, ladies and gentlemen,
 and the next time you ask the grocer for some jello,
 don't just say, "I want some jello."
 Say, "I want jello."
 Then you can be sure of getting genuine jello
 and jello's famous extra-rich flavor,
 because jello is a trademark, the property of general foods.
 And those big red letters on the box
 assure you of getting America's favorite gelatin dessert, jello.
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Albridge, Henry has decided to be kind and helpful to everyone he meets.
 So far he's done very well.
 While carrying on the golf course for a Mr. Eddie, he's broken a water spigot and run two cars into a muddy ditch.
 Well, as the scene opens, Henry is speaking.
 Mr. Ready. Mr. Ready.
 As soon as you've knocked the ball over this water hazard, could I just run up and foam?
 Give me my number three iron.
 You're a number three iron?
 Isn't that the one you used that took me away for so long?
 May I have it?
 Yes, Mr. Ready.
 Then may I put in that call?
 Stand back, please.
 Yes, sir.
 You know if I hadn't left my glasses behind, I'd swear this club was crooked.
 You really think so?
 Henry!
 What, Herbert?
 Which way are you going to have that for?
 Over the water hazard and you keep away from it.
 Come here, Herbert.
 For...
 Boy, what a shot!
 I was the... I was the... I was the... I was the head of each club.
 I never did a thing like that before.
 See, they certainly make clubs poorly nowadays.
 Nowadays give me my number two iron mr.
 Eddie I really think you ought to let me pay for that number three what became of my ball Herbert put that ball back
 I just want to see what it was this who's did you think it would be it's yours all right?
 Herbert could you step over here to one side a minute? Well you have now then let's see what this iron does listen Herbert
 I want you to go to the clubhouse and put in three phone calls if they won't let you say it's for mr
 One call is to a plumber to shut off some water.
 One is to a garage.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Miss Pearson?
 Yes, Mr. Olich.
 Will you take a letter, please?
 Mr. Olich, while you were at a launch,
 a young man by the name of Herbert Thompson, telephone.
 Herbert?
 Oh, Henry's friend, what did he want?
 Well, the fact is he seemed rather confused.
 At any rate, you're going to go down to court at once and help get Henry out of trouble.
 What kind of trouble?
 All I understand was your son has talked back to some officers.
 That's a fine thing. I can't possibly go down.
 I'm scheduled for a conference.
 Impertance to an officer, huh? What do you say to him?
 I don't know.
 Well, Henry can just stay down there. I don't believe in interfering with the law.
 I understand if you don't straighten things out, the fine will be $25.
 Twenty five dollars twenty call the committee and tell them I'll be late.
 You're going to court.
 Of course I am.
 I can't afford to pay twenty five dollars anymore than anyone else can.
 Who's that?
 I have no idea.
 Hello.
 Yes.
 One moment.
 Mr.
 Aldrich I have a message for you.
 Who is it?
 Mrs.
 Aldrich says she has a whole house full of guests waiting to play bridge and there aren't any cards.
 Didn't Henry get them.
 He doesn't seem to have.
 Well, here, take this dollar, close up the office and get her some cards.
 Excuse me, sir.
 What is it, young man?
 Have you seen Mr. Eddie around the clubhouse here?
 Oh, Mr. Eddie is still down the locker room.
 Well, will you tell him I found his coat, but I'm sorry we mislaid his sweater.
 Yes, sir.
 One moment, young man.
 Oh, I, uh...
 I found your coat, Mr. Eddie.
 But I think I ought to tell you.
 The fellow with the lawnmower ran over one of the sleeves.
 He did.
 Well, I'm not surprised.
 But, Mr. Eddie, all I was trying to do when I carried it was to help you.
 Yes.
 I was trying to serve you.
 Yes, 50-75-1 dollar.
 Now, let's just forget that we ever even met.
 Well, frankly, I don't feel I should even take the money.
 Just take it and let's not say anything more about it.
 There's just one thing for which I suppose I ought to thank you.
 What's that?
 For 15 years my wife has been trying to get me to give up golf.
 Today I'm giving it up.
 Forever?
 Forever.
 Well I'm certainly sorry.
 Let's not discuss it anymore.
 If we ever meet on the street let's not even speak to each other.
 Yes Mr. Eddie.
 Now then do you think you can do one more thing for me and do it right?
 Oh yes or anything you say.
 All right. Go around in front of the clubhouse and tell the boy to bring my car here.
 Yes, sir.
 But don't you go near the car. Don't you even touch the car.
 No, sir. And will you be... Where will you be here? I mean...
 I will be right over here at the desk talking to Mr. Blotman.
 Yes, sir. Did you want me, Mr. Eddie?
 I do. Something gone wrong, Mr. Eddie.
 Wrong? Wrong? I just want to tell you what I think of the way your entire club is wrong.
 Did something in particular go wrong?
 I... I hired a caddy to look for my golf balls and I spent my whole day looking for my caddy.
 Well, do you know what my score was?
 185.
 Well, I usually do it in 120.
 And then to add insult to injury, I come into the locker room looking forward to a shower.
 Oh, just a minute, Mr. Eddy. That's something I want to catch up with.
 I get under the shower and in the midst of my bath the water is shut off.
 Completely shut off!
 But that's what I want to explain.
 It's something over which we had no control.
 Through some misdirection a plumber came here and unknown to us shut off all the water
 in the clubhouse.
 Why?
 Well all we know is some young man called in.
 That is no excuse.
 The fact still remains that underneath my clothes right this minute I am covered with
 sopesons. Well, I'm very sorry. Sorry. Did you ever walk around with suds on you?
 Oh, no, sir. Try it sometime.
 Mr. Ready. Mr. Ready, I have some rather disconcerting news for you.
 Now, what happened? Was yours a black roadster?
 What has happened to it? Nothing except that the fella out in front says that sometime this afternoon,
 a man from a garage came and towed it away.
 told it away.
 Told it, who told him to do that?
 He didn't know.
 He just said somebody had phoned for him to come and get it.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Father.
 Father, would you like some more, Butter?
 No, thank you.
 Are you sure you're going to have enough?
 Henry, if I were you, I wouldn't bother your father anymore.
 Oh.
 Is he tired, Mother?
 He is.
 Both tired and embarrassed.
 Did something go wrong?
 Not a thing.
 All I did was miss a yearly business meeting in order to bail my son out of jail for talking
 back to an officer who didn't know anything about it.
 Father, that was entirely Herbert's fault.
 Oh, no.
 No, it wasn't.
 It was your fault.
 kind to someone you didn't even know. Well it's a funny thing but things didn't
 work out like this in the generous gentleman. Did the generous gentleman forget to bring
 cards for his mother's bridge party? Mother I'm going to pay you back that dollar you
 gave me for the cards. I really am. I'd give you what I earned this afternoon only.
 I paid that to Mrs. McGill toward her fine. You gave your dollar to Mrs. McGill? Yes sir.
 And I told her if there was ever anything I could do to help her, I'd be very glad to.
 And what did she say?
 She said she was quite sure there wasn't a thing I could do.
 Oh, I'll answer the phone, Mother.
 Just beat your dinner.
 I'll see who it is.
 Yes, Mother.
 Head Ray, when does school start?
 In a few days.
 Why?
 No reason.
 I was just wondering.
 Is there anything I can pass your phone?
 No, no, no, thank you.
 Gee, the more I think about how Herbert Baldwin
 brings up today.
 Hey, do you know Mr. Eddie?
 Mr. Eddie?
 Yeah, in a way, why?
 He just phoned for me?
 Does he want me to caddy form the moron?
 He wants to know whether you have his necktie.
 Oh, gee, I've got it in my pocket.
 I'll take it to him tomorrow.
 He said you're not to take it to him.
 You're to mail it to him.
 Well, that's certainly very thoughtful of them, because I'd plan to do something else
 tomorrow.
 What?
 Well, I wasn't able to give the Red Cross any money today, and I thought I'd go over
 and help them instead.
 Here Henry is a dollar.
 A dollar?
 What for?
 For the Red Cross.
 They're having enough problems without you're going over and helping them.
 [Music]
 Butter, eggs, potatoes, and flour are food products that housewives refer to as staples.
 Foods that have a variety of uses and must always be kept on hand.
 And the same definition fits jello and jello puddings too.
 They're really what you might call staple desserts,
 because they're so handy, so easy to adapt to different recipes
 that they've won an established place on the average pantry shell.
 You'll find that jello and jello puddings are simple to make, inexpensive, and truly delicious.
 So ask your grocer for both of these swell desserts tomorrow.
 Jello and Jello would it?
 Henry, I want to tell you how nicely you helped with the dishes.
 Thank you, Mother. Thank you very much.
 Could I go out to the movies this evening? There's a swell picture.
 What's the name of it?
 Jesse James.
 No, for one week you're not to go inside a movie.
 movie.
 The
 Aldrich family starring as Ristone is written by Clifford Goldsmith. Original music is
 composed and conducted by Jack Miller. Listen every Thursday night to the Maxwell House
 Good News show and the Aldrich family which immediately follows it. Remember, 60 solid
 minutes of brand entertainment every Thursday night. Now this is Harry Van Zell saying
 good night for Jell-O, America's favorite gelatin dessert. Now pleasing more people than ever.
 This is the National Broadcasting Company.
 (buzzing)
 (buzzer)
 (buzzer)
 (buzzing)
