 [Music]
 The special service to this and presents the redraw cast of...
 Henry Henry Moseley! Come on, Lenny!
 [Applause]
 While you men and women in the armed forces of the United Nations, here's the Aldrich family!
 [Music]
 One of the attractive things about teenage youngsters is that they manage to get a lot of fun out of things
 Which to their elders are absolutely pretty much a laboratory offered to their elders
 Build it that far instance
 This is living room
 See how Henry Alfred candles the problem of moving day for instance
 The scene opens in Kathleen Anderson's living room
 Now wait a second Homer
 Kathleen asked me to lift that box for
 Can we leave you take your hands off at your only making it heavier?
 I know Homer, but everything I've picked up you've tried to grab too
 Anybody think the Anderson's weren't able to move without your budding in?
 Alright, then, alright, then take it.
 I hope you break your back.
 Well, gee, Whiz, Homer, that's a nice thing to do.
 Right on Kathleen's motor's hardwood floor.
 They're moving out of here, aren't they?
 And someone's moving in, aren't they?
 I didn't hurt yourself.
 No, I didn't hurt myself.
 Homer, could you...
 Could you give me a hand with this?
 I thought you wanted to lift it yourself.
 We have taken the on-up.
 Put this other pile of book in.
 Oh, you're going to put more in it.
 Henry, we have to get everything we own out of here by tonight.
 You do?
 Well, see, where you going to have dinner?
 I don't know.
 Listen, Kathleen, why don't you come over to our house, Virginia?
 Over to your house?
 Really, Homer?
 Homer, over to your house?
 And now, wait a second.
 Why should she want to come over to your house?
 Why shouldn't she?
 I'd be caused, Homer.
 In the first place, your mother and father are both on a diet.
 And you know what that means?
 What does it mean?
 Yes, Mrs. Anderson?
 Are you calling I?
 Could you come here and help me with this stiff leather?
 Yes, you are.
 Homer, move that box of books out on the port for Kathleen.
 Oh, I'll tell you. Listen, Kathleen.
 Why don't you all come over for dinner?
 As long as your mother's gonna have all your dishes packed.
 I don't think we should impose on your mother and father like our homeless.
 Well, that's the beautiful part of it.
 If you come over, my mother will have to cook something good for a change.
 You know, Homer, I don't think we'd better.
 Now, would you move that box, please?
 Okay, Kathleen.
 On the home, and ask my mother.
 Then I can explain the whole thing.
 On a cheap day, she'd rather we wouldn't come.
 Will you be frank and tell us how?
 You'll be fine.
 Can tell us now?
 Oh, she was, Kathleen.
 You don't have to worry about a thing like that.
 Hey, Homer, how about coming down the basement?
 Give me a hand with a barrel of stuff.
 I've got a beaded, Henry.
 As soon as you get the barrel up, move that box of books there.
 Listen, Kathleen.
 Where's he going?
 Oh, let me see whether his mother would
 mind having anyone extra for dinner.
 Give me your going.
 You're going?
 And so they're coming over to my house.
 Oh, Henry, I haven't even mentioned your house, Kathleen.
 Don't you remember my saying--
 my saying, don't you want to eat with my family?
 I didn't say I didn't want to. I'm much rather only how about your mother my mother
 What would my mother have to do with your coming old for dinner? I mean
 All I have to do is phone and say you're coming
 Hello, I guess you might have better nature than my mother. Oh gee as soon as I said, please listen mother number P
 Oh, oh, L3 O3
 Down 303.
 Kathleen?
 Yes, Mother.
 Could you help me please?
 Mom.
 And I have something I could tell you.
 And Kathleen asked her dinner, maybe we can go to the movie.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Listen, Mother.
 Henry, where are you?
 Wait, I'm just over helping.
 Ah, I'm sort of--
 So you won't be late getting home for dinner tonight with you, dear.
 We're good to eat early.
 Oh, y'all.
 Mother, I-- I want to tell you something.
 What is it?
 You know the Anderson.
 Have something happen to them?
 No, they're an awful predicament.
 They help you get out of their house by tonight, see?
 Really? Where are they going?
 Over on Center Street.
 That'll be nice.
 Well, don't be late, will you, dear?
 Wait a second, Mother.
 I'll have to finish with their predicament.
 Dear, I can't stand here and tell,
 but you aren't putting up Apple Sauce.
 You are? Well, that's good.
 But, uh-huh. How would you...
 Well, what would you think of sort of helping out
 and asking Kathleen to come and eat with us?
 Henry, this is no time to ask anyone for dinner.
 I've got Jaws and Apple Sauce all over the kitchen.
 Put mother, she's very fond of apple sauce.
 - Right, Grandma, I don't like it bringing home a guest
 when I'm working as hard as I am.
 But tonight.
 - Mummy.
 - Look, let me explain something.
 - Grandma, there's nothing to explain.
 - Mother, miss him.
 - My dear.
 - Mother.
 - Can we just get your mother?
 - Yes, and for now.
 - It's wonderful because Mother's gonna
 be glad to let me go.
 What's that?
 - Well, that's fine.
 (dramatic music)
 (music)
 In the first place Alice, Henry shouldn't have asked you.
 But Sam, I told him he could not have Kathleen tonight.
 Oh, well, I'm glad to hear that. Not that Kathleen isn't welcome here, but there's a chance that Ed Wilson will be in town.
 You mean you've asked him to have dinner here?
 No, Alice, but if he does arrive in town tonight, I'd like to feel free to ask him for dinner so we can talk business.
 Then I'm all the more glad Kathleen isn't coming.
 - Mother! - Henry, is that you?
 - Yes, where are you? - We're in the living room.
 We'd like very much to speak to you.
 - You mean, father's in there with you?
 - I am. - Oh, hello, father.
 - Hello. - Henry, I certainly hope Kathleen understood why I couldn't have it tonight.
 - Well, Mother, if you aren't awfully busy,
 could I speak you out in the dining room where we can be alone?
 I mean, there is no use here bringing the subject up.
 Your father agrees with me. We cannot have Kathleen tonight.
 - Oh, we can? - Henry, remember this for as long as you live.
 live don't ever ask anyone to this house for dinner as a as a surprise to us yes
 father is that clear dear yes mother that doesn't go just for Kathleen it goes
 for home of Brown for Jimmy Bartlett yes father for everyone and anyone you
 happen to have an impulse to ask yes mother only only first there's just one
 thing I want to explain don't try to explain anything Kathleen is out of the
 picture as far as tonight is concerned where you going out of the garden mother
 would you be interested in listening to me and I have not hear anymore about it
 What mother, look out Mrs. Anderson gave me.
 What is it?
 Are those racing fans?
 Yes, sure, she felt bad about it.
 Well, my goodness, look, pretty stamp.
 That gives you some idea, mother of health.
 Oh, well, Henry, you certainly couldn't have been very cordial in your invitation.
 What's that?
 Henry, what did you say to Mrs. Anderson that made our theatre
 she had to give you those?
 That's the funny part of it.
 It came right out of a clear blue sky.
 Did you realize how embarrassed this made me feel?
 Apparently she felt the reason we couldn't have Kathleen was because we didn't have an operation stand.
 My mother dear when you're inviting anyone for dinner there are two ways to do it
 Either don't ask them at all or you ask them wholeheartedly and really make them feel as though they're wanted
 You do?
 Yes dear of course you do
 What's the Anderson's number?
 You're going to call them?
 Of course I am
 Why?
 It's it's album 344
 M344
 For gee mother is that a load off my mind?
 Number please
 Operator I want M344
 M344
 Henry do you see that list of groceries on the table?
 Yes mother
 If you take it and go right over to the store?
 Yes sure and thanks very much
 And don't even mention this to your father
 You let me explain things to him
 Yes mother
 Hello
 Hello is this Betty Anderson?
 Yeah
 This is Alice O'Rijt here
 I've just been talking with Henry and frankly Betty I've never been quite so embarrassed
 What about Alice?
 Anyone that has to move at a time like this and is in the position you're in for better
 we just love to help you all
 Oh really?
 Of course
 What's that?
 Of what's that?
 Oh
 You mean you can help?
 Will have fine, Betty.
 I was afraid for a minute, and Henry had asked just Kathleen.
 No, Alice, are you sure you can have us all on this short notice?
 Why, why Betty, I give you my word. Nothing would give us more pleasure than making you feel that our home is your home.
 Really, Alice? Oh, that's awfully sweet of you.
 Not at all. Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 So am.
 Sam, I've got to tell you something.
 [Music]
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Bob, this is Betty.
 What do you think the older kids have come to the rescue?
 They've asked us over to their house.
 Yes?
 For the next three days?
 Why no, Bob?
 No, of course not.
 Just for dinner.
 Well, that takes care of one meal, but, well, we're going to stay tonight and tomorrow night until the other place is ready.
 the other places ready well couldn't you get room for the man to know no no they're
 all filled up you don't suppose the auditors would put us up for a few days
 to you now Bob I'm even a little embarrassed about going over there for
 dinner do they know we can't move into the other house yes well then I don't see
 why they don't ask us we do the same for them well Alice Otter it's this day she
 wanted us to feel that their home was our home but I don't think she expects
 it to stay three days why don't you call it back and make sure now Bell I can't
 do that. Let's just wait and see what happens. And Bob, somebody let the door
 I just got to hang up and see who it is. Good bye.
 You can't hear me. Where are you? I'm not here in the first hall. It's Kathleen
 here. Hello, honey. What is it? Nothing Kathleen. Nothing. I was just on my way to
 get some groceries for a first something and I just thought I'd drop in. Oh, all I
 want to know is I want to make sure. Yes, honey? Well, I want to be positive. See,
 I just had a talk with my mother and she called you, didn't she?
 Yes, and that was very sweet of us.
 Boy, where she upset over the way I asked Kathleen.
 Your mother was sitting nice to car an afterthought.
 Oh, all of you?
 Yeah.
 Oh, gee, that's the way my mother is.
 Once she decides to do something, she'll even turn over her whole house to you.
 Really?
 As a matter of fact, Henry, she did say we were to feel your home without home.
 Sure.
 All she's got to know is you're in a jam and I'm fine.
 I am fine. Only Henry. Are you positive we won't be crowding you?
 Crowning us. She was. How could you do a thing like that?
 Are you sure, Henry?
 Kathleen, you talked as though we'd never had caught me before.
 She was there's plenty of room. And your mother told you to stay there?
 Sure. She certainly said I was to be cargill.
 Well, goodbye.
 Goodbye. Thank you very much for turning over.
 Kathleen, go to the phone and call your father.
 Yes, mother. Tell him it's all settled. We won't have to go to the hotel.
 Hey Kathleen. Yes, holler, where are you?
 I'm out here at the back door. Where are you?
 I'm just going to put in a phone call.
 Well, look, I've got a sort of embarrassing message for you.
 See, my mother said she likes to have you folks come for dinner.
 In fact, there's nothing she'd rather have you do.
 Only, don't you think as long as you folks are going to be so tired
 from moving and everything, it would be better to wait and come some time afterwards
 when you feel fresher and then keep your mind on what you're eating.
 And as long as the matter of fact, we're all going over the hand-me.
 For dinner?
 Yeah.
 Everybody? Oh, Gee whiz, that's a fine thing.
 Could I use your telephone before you do?
 I guess so.
 Hello?
 That is not Gee whiz.
 Number three.
 Elm two three two.
 Elm two three two.
 In horror, as soon as you get through, could you come in the living room and talk and move that box of books and books?
 Didn't Henry take care of us?
 Of all of them?
 At all?
 Home, Mother, I won't be home for dinner.
 Find us! The old riches are throwing a party.
 (music)
 But, Mother, I didn't ask them all for dinner. You did.
 Well, incidentally, since you knew how many would be here, why didn't you get enough thing being?
 I did. That's a beautiful part of it.
 Then why didn't you tell me before I sent your father to the store?
 You did? Well, I'll go right down and get him.
 Now, don't do anything more. You've done enough as it is.
 Where are you going?
 over to Mrs. Kilmer's and try to borrow a large tablecloth and yeah I hope you'll
 let this be a lesson don't ever ever start inviting people in a wholesale way
 like this again yes mother only I just asked Kat wait and please go answer
 that phone yes mother maybe this is Mrs. Anderson saying they thought it over
 and none of them can come except Kat Lee hello hello man I speak with Mr.
 Orange please right mr. Orange is near right now if you tell me how am I
 I don't think you can't. He's not trying to scrape up some string beans.
 What's that? May I ask who that's there speaking?
 This is your son.
 Oh, yes. This is Mr. Wilson. I believe I met you when I was in town last week.
 Oh, yes. Up on the road.
 Henry, I'm in sort of a camp down here at the hotel. I've been trying to get a room and they tell me there isn't a chance.
 There isn't?
 No matter a fact, even the dining room is packed.
 You mean you can't get in and get anything?
 That's why I called. I was wondering whether you might have any suggestion to make.
 Well, I tell you.
 No.
 What's that?
 I'm pretty sure I better not make that one.
 Do you know any place to get a room or a meal?
 Right.
 No.
 No, my mother was just saying a little while ago.
 No.
 Everything's all tied up.
 I see.
 How about...
 How about my father fooling you when he comes in?
 I don't want to go any good. I can't wait here.
 I have to find a place to eat and sleep.
 Oh.
 Just forget the whole thing.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 We'll be back with the Alberts family in just a moment.
 Now, it's intermission time, and here's our intermission guest,
 So one and only, I'll meet Orsi.
 (drumming)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 The Aldrichs are upset to think that Kathleen Anderson and her family are coming for dinner this evening.
 Never dreaming that the Anderson's are really preparing to stay for three days.
 The scene opens and the Aldrich's living room.
 Miss Duong, will you speak?
 Alice, where are you?
 I've been out trying to find enough groceries.
 But he had realized it was hardly an hour left before the Anderson's were being here.
 - He's a beanier. - I guess I couldn't help it if somebody had bought all the string beans in town.
 The Anderson-Cocaffery-Deg plan.
 I do hope they won't stay long after dinner.
 Father, is that you?
 It is.
 Well, if you were my friend, wait for you.
 There was a phone call for you.
 Yes?
 - Mr. Wilson? - Yes, sir.
 Oh, but he's in town. That's fine. I tried to phone him from the drug store.
 Yes, Father.
 Why are they jammed down at the hotel?
 You mean he can't get a room?
 No, sir.
 Well, you told him to come up here, didn't you?
 Up here?
 What phone?
 Why's a dinner there?
 And stay overnight.
 Why no mr. Wilson he came to town to do business with me
 I know father, but you gave me a lecture about asking people right out of a clear sky like that
 There's nothing about it that's out of a clear sky. Where did he say I could reach you?
 He said you couldn't he said he was going out to look for someplace to sleep Henry old rates
 Mother you don't you see the position I was in Henry if we have antagonized Mr. Wilson and he goes back to Chicago without seeing me out
 Now Sam, I'm sorry, Father.
 But Alice, of all the people we know, Ed Wilson.
 Ed Wilson, after all we do have a guest.
 Now Sam, don't be upset.
 That's proper goodness to go to this minute.
 Yes?
 Go, Sheila, let me go to the door.
 I'd like to be the one who invites you.
 Now wait a minute, Henry. Wait a minute.
 What's the matter?
 Alice, look out the window.
 Sorry, Sam.
 Look who's on the front porch.
 Aren't you with this cappling and a mother?
 Sam.
 How did you tell him to come?
 Well, I certainly didn't tell him to come this early.
 I'm not even doing it.
 father here's phone something happening and they can't come you mean they can't
 come Sam do not let them in till I get these papers straightened up what have you
 helped me with them maybe want me to put them here Henry take them out to the
 kitchen yes father open the door wait a minute there here's a match I didn't
 pick up when you take this match out to notice a match of time like this well
 well hello there hello Sam hello Alice any beer hello Mr. and Mrs.
 - Hello, don't tell me you can't come in.
 - I thought perhaps it would be too early for you,
 but that horse is driving me crazy.
 I just had to get out of it.
 - Well, it's quite all right.
 Tell me, where's Bob?
 He's coming with the car, Alice.
 - Oh, yes, mother and I walk over.
 Really?
 Well, that's just fine.
 - Yes, that's fine.
 Let's, let's all sit down.
 Kathleen, hello.
 - Henry.
 - I guess he doesn't hear.
 He'll be back in a minute though.
 - Just suppose I go and get him.
 I had that one or two little things to attend to.
 And the kitchen, anyhow,
 would you just excuse me?
 Can you help me?
 I have to go with you,
 and you're the original thing to do.
 So there's a go-dell.
 I guess that's father.
 Yes? Well, that's father.
 Who's your average?
 Who's your average?
 Who's your average?
 You could go out and help him bring in grandmothers.
 What?
 My dad?
 Yes, Sam, Bob's mother.
 You remember her, don't you?
 Oh, yes.
 Yes, that's fine.
 Oh, Bob.
 Hello, Bob.
 And Mrs. Anderson.
 How are you?
 Just play for Roblomb's, man.
 Yeah?
 All right, sir.
 Here we come.
 You want to go out the car and get grandmother's cushion.
 All right.
 Have you any idea what we're doing?
 Henry!
 Henry!
 I hope we're not going to be clowning you Sam.
 No, no not at all.
 Everything's going to be fine.
 Here we go grandmother.
 Right down into the big chair.
 Ah, but you want me to do.
 Just for sure, Miss.
 And she does better if you let it drop in.
 Yeah?
 Ah, that's fine.
 Here we are.
 Sam, I can't begin to tell you how grateful we are for you pulling us out of this chair.
 That's all right.
 Now Sam, I want to tell you one thing.
 Better you and I decided before we came over we're going to make as little trouble for you as possible.
 Bob, what are you talking about trouble for?
 Well, let's work out a schedule for the bathroom.
 You know what I mean? So we won't get in your way.
 What's that?
 And tell me frankly Sam, would you rather we eat with you or a little head of you?
 What's that?
 Why don't you let us do it again?
 I was just thinking, really, sir, just clean up the kitchen and get out your way.
 Get your stuff!
 Yes, Alice, what is it?
 Alice, what is this?
 Would you please come here right away?
 Yes, Alice.
 If you folks will excuse me, I'd go see what you are.
 The same as the person who'd be on the objections to grandmother eating upstairs.
 Upstairs?
 But no, that would be fine.
 Sam, I want you to tell me something.
 Alice, there's something I want you to tell me.
 Yes, can you cut these string beans while I go out and change my clothes?
 Alice, what's going on here?
 What do you mean?
 The Anderson's don't want to eat with us.
 Do you mean they're leaving?
 No, they want to eat in the kitchen before we do.
 And grandmother's going to eat upstairs.
 What's that? That grandmother.
 Alice, what do they mean by wanting a schedule for the bathroom?
 Well, do you show them where it is?
 No, they want a schedule for it, a schedule.
 What are you talking about? For my goodest duty for that is?
 I don't know who it is, how would I know?
 Well, don't just stand there, Dave. Go on to the front door.
 Where's Henry? Why can't Henry take care of some of this?
 I have no idea where Henry is.
 Sorry, this is not all this. I answered the door.
 Yes, it was. Now, Mr. Wilson was it?
 No, it's just the expert man without bogies.
 But I thought he didn't want to like it because he was so tall.
 Oh, oh.
 Now don't you let the fingers hang.
 You let that fellow out there bring everything in.
 Oh, yes.
 Or all those...
 All those...
 Is that your baggage?
 Yes, I told him to take them around and bring them in the backway so he won't scratch up the front hole.
 Hey, I'm...
 Yes, Betty?
 I forgot to tell Alice we brought our own sheets and tell our cases in our own towels.
 But, I...
 Enough to laugh for three days.
 Well, that's fine.
 Sam, who was it?
 Nothing Alice.
 Just the man with the Anderson sheets and towels.
 To the Anderson plot, but they say they can only be with us for three days
 I mean, oh
 Why we certainly thought you could be with us at least
 I would have been here soon. I only my father couldn't come at the last minute. What's that?
 Just my mother couldn't make it. Hello Sam. Oh, I do understand we're about being able to come along
 Well, that's quite all right Elizabeth. We'll try to understand what we are this
 Yes, well anyway Sam, happy birthday!
 Happy birthday!
 Yes, yes, isn't that what you're celebrating?
 No Elizabeth, I wouldn't go so far as to say that!
 Well anyway, I know you're celebrating something!
 Oh isn't that Bambourter Endistice in there?
 Why grandmother Endistice!
 Boy am I looking forward to dinner!
 Is it dinner dear?
 Sure!
 Just for dinner? You can't stay overnight?
 Well, I guess I could.
 Where's Henry?
 I wish I knew!
 I'm going to get out of here.
 - What a cat, please. - Don't you can't make it out like a pixie.
 Anyway, where have you been?
 - Look, Father, look who I found. - Do you believe it?
 Can't you see? It's Mr. Wilson and his wife and children.
 I told them you wanted them to stay overnight.
 What's that?
 Alice, let me look at this list once more.
 Quiet, Sam. You want to wake everyone in the house up?
 No one can hear us here in the kitchen, Alice.
 I just want to look at the list and see where everyone is sleeping.
 Just a moment while I turn this other light on.
 Now, let's see. Bob and Betty Anderson are in...
 There in our room, dear.
 Oh, yeah. Kathleen is in with Mary.
 Where's grandmother?
 She's in Henry's room.
 Oh, yeah.
 And Mr. and Mrs. Wilts are in the guest room.
 And their daughter is on the sofa in the living room.
 And their friends on that cart in the dining room.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'm going to sleep on that card I put up the side Mary and Kathleen.
 And where is it grandmother sleeping?
 I told you in Henry's room. I sent Henry over to stay with Homer.
 I realized that, Alice. Well, it worked out very well.
 I thought so too.
 Now wait a minute. Wait a minute. Where am I?
 You do, yes. Don't I have you on this list?
 Let's go through it once more.
 Then I guess I don't have you.
 That's a fine thing.
 Well, do you've got to lie down someplace you've had a hard day.
 Why, uh, why...
 What are you going to suggest?
 No, I guess the Wilson boy couldn't possibly sleep with grandmother.
 No dear, no. We all agreed that grandmother better sleep alone.
 How about...how about...no?
 Of course, yes.
 There's that old blanket that Henry's goat used to sleep on.
 But I frankly don't think you'd be comfortable on that.
 No. But I might take a couple of leaves from the dining room table
 and put them across the bathtub.
 What?
 And just lie there holding the bathroom schedule now Sam I'm doing the best I can I know Alice
 But I've got to do some work tomorrow. I can't just stand up against the wall all night
 Alice who said then it's Henry yes dear
 Not so loud Henry did you forget something forget something?
 What was it she doesn't know your mother's asking you why are you back? I can't sleep over Homer why not?
 Homer's Uncle Joe showed up on a furlough and he brought two soldiers along with him
 What's that?
 So I had to come home.
 Sam, what are we going to do?
 I don't know what they're going to do.
 It's grandmother that's messing up the whole work.
 What are you walking out of the room like that, Paul?
 I'm going to answer the telephone.
 Would you like me, grandfather?
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Do you have a Mr. Wilson there?
 Yes.
 Could I speak to him, please?
 Why?
 He can't come to the phone right this minute.
 Did I take a message?
 This is the mansion house.
 Mr. Wilson had his name on our reservation list
 and asked us to give him a call if anything turned out.
 Yes.
 We just found one bed.
 If he doesn't mind, it's being in the room with another gentleman.
 I missed the Wiggins from Battle Creek.
 Yes? Good. Hold it.
 - Henry! - Yes, Father?
 - Come with me! - Where to?
 We're gonna sleep with a man with a name of Wiggins from Battle Creek.
 [ [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Father, can't we please turn on the light?
 No, Henry.
 I told her to be sure not to wake up Mr. Wiggins.
 But she was like, can't see the button-like pajamas.
 Get into bed.
 I am in bed. I'm trying. I'm trying.
 Papa, where are you?
 I'm right over here.
 You're not here with me?
 She was who this I've buttoned my pajamas to.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (audience cheering)
 (dramatic music)
 (audience cheering)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 The Oldrich family was re-broadcast for all you soldiers, sailors, and Marines by the Special
 Service Division of the War Department of the United States of America.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
