 [Music]
 And we have milk!
 Come on, mother!
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 The Old Witch family starring as the stone written by Clifford Goldsmith brought to you
 by the puddings that are tops in taste.
 Yellow pudding.
 They say the happiest years of your life are the teens.
 But I know one person who has his doubts about that.
 Henry Aldrich.
 Henry has all the troubles and growing pains
 that most boys go through under high school days.
 For Henry is a typical American boy.
 Tonight out in Centerville, the Aldrichs
 are just having dinner and are seen
 open from the dining room of the Aldrich Hope.
 Have another lamb chop, are they?
 No, thank you.
 You want anything?
 Sam, I'm so tired of planning meals
 and cooking meals I don't know what to do.
 - Chop their off, they're good, mother.
 - Yes, Mary.
 - Say, say, who do you think I was just talking to on the phone?
 - Who, Henry?
 - Kathleen.
 - The folks want me to come over for dinner Saturday night.
 - Tomorrow night?
 - Sure, ain't that a break for you, mother?
 - Why for me?
 - Well, if I'm not here, you can just have any old things for dinner.
 (dinner whirring)
 - What do you mean, she can?
 - I've got to go out in the kitchen and whip some cream.
 - I'll be playing the table, mother.
 - Boy, can you imagine?
 - We're not here the rest of us invited, Henry.
 He didn't mention any of you.
 Goodness knows the Anderson's have been here, often enough.
 Mary, is that very kind?
 Well, Father, get them by and Henry,
 hardly any way to put off a social debt.
 Henry, would you be disappointed if you didn't go to Kathleen?
 Not go.
 Have you forgotten what they've done to you?
 Sunday?
 Sunday.
 It's Mother's Day.
 Oh, but Father, I'm just going for dinner Saturday night.
 Well, I'd plan to take your mother and you and Mary
 out to dinner Saturday as a Mother's Day celebration.
 You had, Father?
 No, it's up to you as to where you'd rather go.
 Oh, see, I don't want to offend Mother, but I--
 You'd rather go to Kathleen?
 Well, I don't know.
 So hard thing to decide.
 It isn't every day that mothers have a day.
 Hey, you're coming this way when you bring your place?
 I'm not coming that way, Mary.
 What would you like to do?
 Well, I'll phone Kathleen.
 Yeah, sure, I'd love to go with you.
 Well, I guess I ought to get mother something nice, don't you think?
 Lend it.
 Would you care to contribute anything toward it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'd like to contribute.
 I'll tell you what.
 Let it be a present from the entire family.
 It seems to me, son, you should have saved up for this occasion.
 I have, Father.
 I have.
 I've earned nearly $5.
 Only I hate to see it all go at once.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 I'm not through with my plate, Mary.
 I'm not through with that either.
 You may take my plate, Mary.
 Thank you, Father.
 You're glad somebody in this house cooperates.
 Father, Father, how do you think Mother would like to have me get her a new dress?
 A dress?
 Sure.
 I don't see what would be so difficult about it.
 All I have to do is get Mother down to the store and just happen to take her by the dress
 department.
 And what?
 And as we go by, I say, "See, Mother, look."
 And she'll say, "Oh, isn't that one swell?"
 And I've got it all picked out.
 But supposing she picks one of the more expensive dresses.
 Well, I wouldn't mind this sacrifice.
 I just assumed spend the whole $5.
 [GUNSHOT]
 I think I ought to do something for Mother.
 She-- she-- she puts up with a-- with an awful lot from us.
 Hey, honey.
 Mother wants to know what you drank in milk this afternoon.
 Just one glass, Mary.
 Well, what you drank was cream.
 Cream?
 Cream?
 I thought that was awful rich when I drank it.
 Now, isn't one stock out there to whip?
 She was well what color on Sunday. I'll make up for everything. Give me while I
 pick this. I'm not through with that plate. I've got my chop in my hand.
 I have your bread and butter plate. But you're not to come any closer than that.
 And Henry will you please eat your choppers you should. But Father I waste
 so much when I eat it politely. Mary you wouldn't like to go in on something
 real nice for Mother's Day would you? I'd plan to get Mother something alone Henry.
 What? A blouse. A blouse Mary? A blouse? Mm-hmm. No skirt.
 My goodness I'm gonna pay nearly 395 for it as it is. 395? Just for that and nothing below it?
 You lost the bias skirt? Well how much would one come to? The very cheapest would be 295. What?
 Yes.
 I wonder whether Mother wouldn't like to go to the movies instead.
 I'm coming Mother.
 Father, there's an awfully good movie this week.
 Oh, what is it?
 The cowboy returns.
 Yes.
 I didn't even be willing to blow the whole family to her.
 Well first don't you think you'd better make sure the cowboy returns is what your mother wants to see?
 Well I would have her choice.
 You know Father, if we didn't go to an expensive place, I could almost take the whole family to dinner too.
 I think the movies will be sufficient.
 Oh no, Father, I know of a place where it's very reasonable.
 I'd be glad to take all of you. How about it?
 How did you make room for this dessert?
 Mary, Mother can't hear me out there, can't she?
 Mother, is she even speaking to you?
 She isn't, Mary? She will.
 How would you like to go to the movies Mother's Day Eve?
 What's that, Henry?
 Saturday night. I mean it. We're all going to the movies and to dinner.
 - As my guest. - Really?
 - As Father. - Is right, Mary.
 That's wonderful. Because I was going to take Mother down to get that blouse.
 Now we can meet you right afterwards.
 Boy, there isn't anything Mother likes more than a party.
 Here's your dessert, Santa.
 You want any cream as Henry saw it.
 When Mother that cream I drank was in a picture.
 Look, of course it was in a picture.
 What, do you mind if I change the subject of cream just a second?
 Mm, to what?
 What are you doing Saturday night?
 Dear, I'm probably cooking dinner.
 D'yaar?
 We're all going to meet downtown for something.
 For what?
 Don't tell her, Mary.
 Where should we meet?
 At the employee and department store at 4.45.
 It's all set, 4.45.
 That's going to make it terribly late for me to get home and cook dinner.
 Don't worry about cooking dinner, mother.
 But what are we going to do?
 She wears you wet. You're going to have one of the smallest times you ever had in your life.
 [Music]
 Oh, pardon me, sir.
 What is it, lady?
 Have you seen anyone waiting here at the entrance to the Emporium?
 No ma'am, not recently.
 Oh, thank you very much.
 Here it is, 12 minutes after five.
 I don't mind waiting so much.
 I just keep wondering if they haven't been in an accident.
 - Yes, ma'am.
 - It's a perfect way it is.
 - My fucking powers, lady.
 - No, thank you.
 - Wouldn't you like to buy some carnations for mother's day?
 - No, thank you.
 Well, you ought to remember your mother
 that telling anyone can do.
 - Yeah.
 - And we've been waiting for a family
 one time, where she has to go see
 and say a family in action.
 - Boy, boy, can I have a piece of please?
 Here you are.
 One foot street is the family live.
 It's nobody in this town.
 Then I swivel need the paper.
 Excellent.
 Great place for our entrance.
 Alice.
 Alice, why have you been waiting here at this entrance?
 Sam, where on earth do you think I'd wait?
 Well, I've been standing around the corner.
 That's not the main entrance, Sam.
 Well, Alice, that is certainly the main entrance on that street.
 Well, at least you'll say that's something.
 The thing for us to worry about is my car.
 What's happened to that?
 I left it 30 minutes ago in a 15 minute parking phase.
 But that still isn't as important as Henry and Mary.
 They're probably at the entrance all the way around on market.
 Well go around and look.
 Where will you be?
 I'll wait right here.
 I won't move one foot.
 Ready.
 I can buy a box can if I'm other than.
 No thank you.
 The hand dips and carry film.
 No thank you.
 I can pay for my.
 No thank you.
 Thanks Carc Red for his carry.
 For your mother.
 He wished you were the will of your bin.
 Right here where I was supposed to be Henry.
 Imagine that.
 Where have you been?
 Just inside the door.
 Why dear did you wait in there?
 But mother, I think the inside of a door would be the only logical place to wait for someone.
 Couldn't you have at least looked outside?
 I finally didn't, Mary, you were.
 Where's Mary?
 I had no idea where.
 Where's her father?
 Your father's gone down to the market, street entrance, to see where you are.
 I?
 Why would he look for me there?
 Well, dear, you take me right here, were you?
 From where I was here.
 Oh, I don't mean to argue with you, but all that's been separating us is that door.
 Yes, Henry.
 Now, supposing you take this nickel and go inside and telephone and see where the Mary has left the house here.
 Yes, Mother.
 Tell her the store closes at five-thirty.
 Yes.
 Extra space for a young child, this is a fear.
 Boy, boy!
 What am I currently like?
 Where have you been, Mary?
 You're going and dropping this as I was reading.
 I thought he never would die.
 What's he?
 He'll go in and do our shopping.
 Well, not until Henry and your father get back.
 Where are they?
 Henry's phoning you.
 And your father's waiting for you around the market.
 Isn't that ridiculous mother?
 It's completely easy.
 What have we got to do now?
 Wait for them until I get back.
 I'm afraid we have, dear.
 Now at least one of us better.
 You stay right here while I go around and get your father.
 - What's in your father? - Of course I can find him.
 Now don't move until I get back.
 No mother.
 - Pardon me, sir. - What do you have, lady?
 On what floor are the blouses?
 Are they going inside of the elevator to get off on the third floor?
 Thank you.
 You suppose it would take me more than three minutes to run any that one?
 After that I couldn't say.
 Dear, I wonder where...
 Mary, Mary, where is your mother?
 Mother, where did you come from?
 What do you think I came from?
 Mother, guess I went around after you!
 Now, what did you do that for?
 So we wouldn't have to wait so long.
 Where's Henry?
 She gets our phone in me!
 What's that?
 Don't you think I ought to go in and tell him I'm here?
 You wait where you are, I'll go in.
 Yes, Father.
 Flowers.
 Flowers.
 Some mother's day.
 Press, Connie.
 Um...
 Mother, I'm going to need another nickel.
 She whizzed, Mary.
 Where's mother?
 She's gone after father.
 Where's father?
 She thought you were phony.
 Yeah, but Mary, I couldn't get you.
 Of course you couldn't.
 I'll go get father.
 How long will he be gone?
 Two minutes.
 And, oh, can't we?
 So you're at the house.
 What did she want?
 Henry, did you tell her you couldn't come to dinner?
 Sure I did.
 the message with the maid.
 So, Kathleen, it's nothing new.
 Well, she wished she couldn't be.
 She's Perry Bell Candid for Mother's Day.
 Listen, Mr. are you going to be here for a few minutes?
 Uh, yeah.
 Well, could you deliver a message for me?
 If you see a lady or a man or my sister looking for a phone, a brown suit like this,
 could you tell him I just stopped in to phone a second?
 [Music]
 Well now friends, while Henry is reflecting on his latest predicament,
 I'd like to bring you a news item about something that happened the other night
 in one of Centerville's finest families.
 The headline reads, "Terminants Local Man Trapped in Raid."
 And the article goes on to read,
 "Last night, about 1130, one of Centerville's leading citizens was surprised by his wife,
 just as he had tiptoeed to the kitchen, raided the refrigerator,
 and finished eating a dish of pudding.
 Jello butterscotch pudding that had been left over from dinner.
 His wife was desolated, as she had been planning to eat the Jello butterscotch pudding today for lunch.
 lunch but the culprit showed no remorse when questioned he merely kept repeating
 I'm glad I did it yes and I do it again I simply can't resist yellow butter
 but it's not putting well friends seriously that is just another way of saying
 the jello butter scotch pudding is the dish that people won't be denied probably
 it has something to do with the grand buttery brown sugar flavor of its well
 dessert and the fact that Jello butterscotch pudding is as smooth as rich
 golden cream undoubtedly plays a big part in its appeal at any rate this
 mellow treat is a mealtime favorite in thousands of homes the country over and
 I'm sure you'll find it's your favorite too so try some real soon you've honestly
 never tasted the more luscious desserts than Jello butterscotch pudding
 [Music]
 Well now getting back to Henry Open.
 Henry has just learned that although he's going out with his family, Kathleen is expecting him for dinner.
 This scene opens in Kathleen Madison's home.
 [Music]
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is that you, Kathleen?
 No, tell me.
 Did Mary tell you we were having dinner at seven instead of six thirty?
 Yes.
 Didn't your maid tell you?
 I'm going out for dinner with my mother.
 -
 -
 -
 What's the latest I could get there and still eat?
 Well, well...
 Well, I guess when you stop the thing of a Catholic, maybe that would be trying to do too much.
 Sadly?
 Who are you talking?
 Mother, can we all rely on Mother?
 Henry can't come next Saturday night.
 Oh, well, no.
 He's having dinner with his mother.
 Why don't you all thought that he'd come?
 Are you sure next Saturday night will be all right?
 Oh, yes, of course.
 Hello, Henry.
 Yes?
 Henry, my mother says to bring your mother too.
 Well, Kathleen, what do I do with my father and marriage?
 What? Well, hold on. I'll take a second, Henry.
 Mother, yes. Could we ask Mr. O'Riggin Mary, too?
 Well, as a matter of fact, I think we should have them.
 Hello, Henry.
 Well, Mother, there's a ring of all families.
 Oh, Kathleen, I don't think you should go to all that trouble.
 No, really, Henry. Mother, be very much offended if you didn't.
 Well, they're waiting at the department store for me, I think.
 If you don't hear from me, you'll know we're coming.
 Oh, I...
 You understand about the time, Henry?
 Oh, sure. Seven o'clock. Goodbye, Kathleen.
 [Music]
 Motherhood time in London.
 Exactly. Twenty minutes past six.
 You got me and say how long it would be for Henry got back?
 No, dear.
 And where'd Father go?
 Your father went down the street to get the car.
 That was 35 minutes ago.
 Would you like to have me get down and find him?
 No, dear.
 We're not going to break this family up again.
 Well, I'm also sorry to store clothes
 before I could get your blouse.
 That's all right, dear.
 Just as long as we all finally get back together.
 That's the beginning of starting to rain.
 Goodness.
 Good.
 The good thing we didn't buy any new clothes.
 Yes, dear, although please remember, I still have on the best I own.
 Come on, let's step back and be candid before you're grown.
 Well, we said one consolation. Well, I'm glad you can see one.
 The restaurant we're going to after the movie says this. Well, please.
 Look, look, look, there's your father. Let's run out and get in the car.
 Hurry up, Alice.
 Open the door, Sam. Get in, mother.
 - Now, where's Henry? - We don't know, Sam.
 Well get in and they are.
 We can't go up and leave him.
 How do you get it all wet?
 They're going to forget something.
 They can't talk to you about it.
 Mother, what are you and Father God
 heading off to here?
 Hello Mary, you get in and I'll say.
 Both of you get in.
 Father, can't you come up close
 to the curtain up that's calling your mark?
 This is a narrow street Mary.
 The only way that's calling can get around me
 is to go up on the sidewalk.
 I'll get in. Come on Mary.
 Hold the door.
 Yes, Sam.
 Only what do we do now?
 I got to get out of here.
 Hey!
 Get moving there!
 [HUMMING]
 - Doesn't matter what the call is saying.
 - Oh, not at all.
 - What is the trouble?
 - Mary must you just hit 10 enough questions.
 Mary, so chat with the simple man.
 - No.
 - No.
 - No.
 I do not want to tell you no.
 Stop it.
 OK, OK?
 - You better call your father.
 [HUMMING]
 - Is that our son?
 It is.
 No, thanks.
 Heavens, we're moving.
 Father, it's so soft.
 Now what's the matter?
 This isn't me.
 Where?
 Under that newspaper.
 What?
 Father!
 Please, Father, it's so soft.
 I can't stop here.
 Come on, Father!
 Come on, everybody!
 Oh, here's a place I can pull in.
 Father!
 Wait for me!
 Wait until I tell you the good news.
 No time for good news.
 Get in the car.
 Could you move over Mary?
 Henry, why didn't you leave that wet newspaper outside?
 Oh, see where?
 Wait until I tell you the news.
 Henry, oh, did you simply soak to the skin?
 Mother, this is gonna be a swell Mother's Day yet.
 We've all got an invitation to go to Kathleen's for dinner.
 Really, Mother?
 Sure.
 Maybe older to be couldn't have.
 The Mother, I just got through talking with Kathleen.
 Henry, is this the water all over me?
 Well, I can't help where it runs, Mary.
 The only thing I can do with Fitz, still,
 and let it go where it wants.
 (car engine revving)
 How about it, Mo?
 - Anyway, they couldn't have asked us for tonight.
 - Mother, Kathleen stood there by the phone
 and begged just to come tonight.
 - What do you think, Sam?
 - Don't leave it up to him, Mother.
 This is your party.
 Up to now, you haven't had a good time at all,
 but this way you could have a wonderful evening.
 - What are you gonna do with all the money, you save, Henry?
 - I'm not going to save a cent, Mary.
 I've got it all figured out.
 I'm getting Mother address with my money.
 - Well, Sam, pull up someplace in our telephone
 and make sure.
 Mother, if you're phone or you'll only be wasting your neck on...
 Well, are we? Aren't we going?
 What do you think, Sam?
 It's up to you, Alice.
 Mother, they always have awfully good food at the end.
 Of course they do, dear. I love to go there.
 And there you are.
 I'll make up your mind, Alice.
 Sam, I don't like Mother.
 How many Mother's days are there in a year?
 One, one, one.
 Go on, go on there.
 Yes, Officer, we're just making up our minds.
 Well, I'd like to tell...
 How are you?
 We're going to go on.
 Yes, sir.
 I guess, Officer, we are.
 Oh, hey, Father, I got to be angry.
 And boy, am I hungry here.
 Not any hungry other than I am.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Mother!
 Mother!
 Yes, Kathleen?
 Can I help you with the biggest?
 Oh, no, no, thank you. They're all wiped and put away.
 Anybody seen the evening papers?
 It's in the big chair, Carter.
 Ah, I've been looking forward to just sitting around tonight.
 Robert, do you want Kathleen to go out and get your slippers?
 Oh, dear, I got them on.
 Where did I put my necktie?
 Oh, in the land.
 Oh, yes, yes.
 Oh, I always did like this, dear.
 Now, Kathleen, I want you to go out and do your homework.
 - Put me on the Daniel Gordon, they drop in.
 - Kathleen, did you hear your mother?
 - All right, I'll go up.
 - My goodness.
 Oh, would you look at the dust on this keyboard?
 You know, Robert, I'm glad we let that made go.
 Oh, Robert.
 - Well.
 I look here when the oldies come next Saturday.
 Let's have everything just as nice as we know how.
 Mm-hmm, yeah.
 Do it up proud.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Isn't it nice to have one being at home?
 Mm-hmm.
 Mm-hmm.
 See, the dog is one today.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Did I hear the doorbell rings?
 Now, who in the world is to pose that is?
 Well, it's probably Daniel.
 Well, I'm not going to answer the door.
 I'm going to run up there now listen to our day.
 Daniel is going to notice those curlers.
 All right.
 I'll go to the door.
 Well now we're where where's my other
 slipper way there underneath your chair.
 Oh, come in.
 Come in the door.
 Come on.
 Let him in and find you.
 Flip a letter.
 Oh, look at the ashes all over my face.
 How are we?
 Mr.
 Anderson.
 Hello.
 Hello Bob.
 Well, well.
 Hello.
 Is this a terrible way for us to drop in?
 No, no, no, not at all.
 Where is it?
 At the auditor.
 Oh, well, why don't you ask them to come in?
 They are in.
 I know they're dollarty.
 Well, Alice, some sad everywhere.
 How do you do, Mr. Anderson?
 Well, you might as well put your things down,
 and let's all go into the living room.
 - Living room? - Oh, my goodness, Alice.
 I was just going upstairs to take these curlers.
 - Dorothy, you look lovely. - Well, here we are.
 - Aren't you glad now, Mother? We didn't go to the movie?
 - Yes, indeed. - [chuckles]
 - Sit down, everyone. - [chuckles]
 - I know, mind if I do. - Yeah. Well, love.
 - Love, love, love. - How...
 - The Howhouse business, um...
 - Oh, pretty good.
 - How's yours?
 Well, I'm sorry.
 Did I interrupt you, Sam?
 No, no, no. I interrupted you.
 Oh, no, you didn't.
 What were you going to say?
 Well, the fact is that I don't remember what I was going to say.
 Well, I was going to ask Alice what movie she was going to see.
 "Dog for Love." Oh.
 Oh, my dear, they tell me that's the most beautiful picture.
 Is that? Yes.
 [Laughter]
 [Laughter]
 Mr. James, is Kathleen out in the kitchen sort of helping you?
 No, no, she's upstairs, studying.
 - Oh, is that right? - Yes.
 Uh, have a cigar, Sam?
 Oh, no, no, thank you.
 Not just before...
 - Mother!
 - Mother, how's that in here?
 - No, dear.
 It's eye-capped, Wayne.
 - Oh, is that right?
 I'll be right there.
 Robert, would you mind opening the window just linked to?
 You see, we had fake and onions for dinner,
 and I'm fed the whole family to be the same.
 Fake and onion?
 Do you like some, Henry?
 Oh boy, do I.
 Mother's very fond of them, too.
 Alice, I want to show you something.
 This box, Kathleen gave me for Mother's Day.
 Isn't that lovely?
 Why is it, Mrs. Andy's?
 I have no idea, Mary.
 Looks like candy to me.
 Well, if it is, I should never promise Kathleen I wouldn't open it till tomorrow.
 You did, promising.
 Well, Robert, did you come up there and help me in the air?
 Alex, would you excuse me?
 Of course.
 Well, if you pardon me, I'll go out to the kitchen and see whether we have any ginger ale on the ice bar.
 Oh, Bob, don't bother. We just had dinner.
 Bob, I'm angry. Supposing he could hear you.
 Well, Henry, so we invited you up for dinner.
 Some places been a very serious mistake.
 I'll be putting it mildly.
 And this is the most embarrassing moment I've ever had.
 The thing for us to do is to get out of here.
 Well, I think we should stay long enough to be polite.
 Say, mother is hungry as I am.
 You're not any hungrier than the rest of us, Enray.
 Oh, I had valence with a cup of cheese.
 And I didn't have anything.
 Supposing Alice, we run on before they discover the mistake we've made.
 Oh, Father.
 Father, do you mind if I make a suggestion?
 I do.
 Alice will tell him it's holly, but we're going to run on to the movies, and as soon as we get away, we'll go get some dinner.
 I have a sort of apology to make you folks, I'm afraid.
 Oh, I'm a trouble, Bob.
 Well, it's the ginger ale, but we don't have any ice.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, no, listen, Bob, I give you my word.
 Not one of us could drink a thing.
 And besides, we're going to have to run along.
 No, no, that's your same channel.
 We're sorry, Dorothy.
 It's so important that the leaves are not as great as it is, dear.
 - Well, yes, yes, Dr. C.
 Tomorrow, being Mother's Day, we told Alice
 we were coming here, but we're really taking her
 to the movie.
 - Well, well, isn't that love?
 - Yes.
 - Bob, why don't you and I get on, I think.
 Go on with him, huh?
 (audience laughs)
 - Good idea.
 - And then they get a new thing together.
 - But, Mrs. Anderson, let me explain something.
 - Henry?
 - But, Mother, Henry.
 - Yes, Mother.
 Mrs. Anderson, we'd be very glad to have you come along.
 [Music]
 Oh, wasn't that the best Pixar episode of "The Only Life?"
 Yes, Dorothy, and it's been the best Mother's Day party I ever had in my life.
 Would you like another hamburger, Mother?
 No, thank you.
 three is all I could possibly eat.
 Father.
 Oh, yes, I'm just too warm.
 My honey, this is the smartest idea of yours
 that we drop into this little hamburger stand.
 Thank you, Mr. Anderson.
 I had been in one of these places in years.
 I loved them.
 Sam and I used to drop in all the time.
 Oh, Mr. May, I have the check, please.
 Oh, now Henry, I don't pay the check.
 The movies were on you.
 But Mr. Anderson, this whole evening has been on me.
 Yes, Henry, it certainly has.
 [Music]
 Henry Aldrich will be back in just a moment.
 It ends the next time that you want to give a party, there's no need to send out invitations.
 You just drop the word here and there that you're planning to make some jello pudding whipped.
 Before you can say come in, you'll have a house full of smiling guests.
 Yes, this well-used is certainly become a big favorite, and there's every reason why it's
 huge, because jello pudding whip is wonderfully good and downright easy to make.
 You just take one package of jello, any flavor, and one package of jello vanilla pudding, and
 make them up as you usually do.
 Then chill the jello and flip it as directed on the box.
 Next, you chill the jello vanilla pudding and add it to the fifth jello, beating constantly
 until it's blended.
 Then mold.
 And there you have a grand, inexpensive treat, serving 10 to 12 people and simply ideal for
 parties and special occasions.
 So be sure to try this new and intriguing combination of delicious jello and rich, creamy
 jello vanilla pudding.
 [Music]
 Ladies and gentlemen, this week is National Restaurant Week.
 Now why not take the occasion to dine out at your favorite restaurant
 and climax that dinner pleasantly by choosing the most popular dessert on the menu?
 Yellow pudding!
 (dramatic music)
 - Father, Father, do you see this dime bank I have?
 - I do, Henry.
 - Well, I'm going to start a savings fund.
 - Well, I'm delighted to hear you say that.
 - Oh, here.
 It is your first dime to put in it.
 - Thank you.
 You know what I'm gonna save toward?
 - What?
 - A party on Father's Day.
 - May I have that dime back, please?
 (dramatic music)
 The oldest family starring as the stone is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
 This is Harry Bonsell speaking and wishing you good night for the puddings that are
 tops in taste.
