 [Music]
 Henry! Henry I'll be coming, mother!
 [applause]
 [music]
 [applause]
 [music]
 [applause]
 [music]
 [applause]
 [music]
 [applause]
 The Aldrich family,
 starring as Reston,
 written by Clifford Goldsmith,
 brought to you by the makers of those
 delicious new desserts
 putting. In the month of February you know, fall the birthdays of two great American presidents.
 We don't know, of course, whether Henry Aldrich will ever become president, but as the scene
 opens tonight in the Aldrich family living room, Henry has a birthday and other things on his mother.
 Mother, if you could choose anything in the world for your birthday, what would you take?
 A million dollars. No mother, be reasonable. I can't give you as much as that.
 What would you like? Right at the moment, Henry, your mother would like a mink coat. A mink coat,
 father a mean coat how much would a thing like that cost how much do you have
 two dollars and thirty five cents oh but that's not important father no not at
 all but it isn't I've got a scheme all worked out I'll be able to get anything
 mother wants really dear it isn't anything more than you deserve mother could
 you loan me could you loan me two dollars there which one of us are you
 speaking. Oh not to you father. I realize I've stretched you to the breaking point as it is.
 I'm glad you're aware of that. How about it mother? How about what, dear? In case you don't
 know it, Alice, you're about to be stretched to the breaking point. What is it you want the two
 dollars for? To put with the money I have. I'm making an investment. I read a pamphlets see.
 It's got the easiest way I ever heard of to make money. What is it? Rabbits. I make up on. Raising
 rabbits. They'll double your money overnight. You don't say so. But they will, father, you can't lose.
 Where would we keep rabbits? In the basement. Well, we're not keeping rabbits in our basement.
 Read the pamphlet, mother. One fella started with just four rabbits, and in two years, he had 700.
 And do you think we're going to have 700 rabbits running all over our basement? Well, I'd make
 pens for them. And how would I get into the basement? You remember Henry that stray dog that stayed
 I had to ask you to feed her every day she was with us.
 But that was just one mother.
 I certainly wouldn't forget to feed 700.
 [laughter]
 Incidentally, who's going to pay for the feed for 700?
 Oh, they pay for it themselves.
 Oh, I see. Out of their own pockets?
 Father.
 Everything I suggest you take lightly.
 Oh, if you think I'm taking this lightly, you're quite mistaken.
 You're not going to spend any money on rabbits.
 But that's not what I want it for.
 I thought that was what you did want it for.
 - What was that?
 - Feeding pans for the rabbits.
 - For what rabbit?
 - For my rabbits, the ones I've got down in the cellar.
 (audience laughing)
 - You have 700 down there?
 - No, Father, just four.
 I'm only beginning.
 They're beauties, too.
 - Where did you get them, dear?
 - Happy Taylor game to me.
 - How did the Taylor Boy happen to do that?
 - I don't know.
 His folks just seemed to think we'd like them better
 than they would.
 (audience laughing)
 - I don't know.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yes.
 - How would you like to be generous, dear,
 and give them back to happy Taylor?
 - Mother, don't you want a birthday present?
 - Not as much as I want a home.
 - Well, if I give those back,
 I won't have anything at all.
 - How about your dog?
 - He left.
 - Because of the rabbits?
 - But, Father, don't you want me
 to develop responsibility, so I'll take care of things
 and feed them?
 - Henry, we are not opposed to your developing
 all the responsibility you want to,
 But you'll have to find someone to take those rabbits.
 - Who is there?
 - Well how about Tommy Walsh?
 He has a much larger house than we have.
 - Well, could I give him the rabbits,
 but let him keep them here?
 (audience laughing)
 - And your mother and I could live with the wolves, is it?
 - My father, you have no idea how I've planned on this.
 It's supposing you go to the phone, dear,
 and see whether Tommy wouldn't like to have them now.
 - Henry, if you want a rabbit for a pet, that's one thing.
 But you're not going to raise rabbits in our basement for the purpose of making money.
 Now, please call the waltchers.
 No phone number.
 I hope they are an inn.
 Well, Alice, in one year we would have had rabbits in every room in the house.
 Sam, don't you think we might at least get Henry a dog?
 Alice, by tomorrow you'll have forgotten the whole thing.
 Perhaps.
 You never has kept it anything for more than 24 hours.
 Well, just the same, he might have kept it this.
 You mean you want him to raise rabbits?
 Well, as he says, it would develop character.
 Alice, let's have an understanding right now.
 Which do you want Henry to have character or a father a father, dear?
 What do you suppose that can be at the door probably mr. Hubbard I'll let him in
 Well, oh there, but evening what is it you want prepared? Oh the troubles out in the kitchen pipe under the sink
 No, Henry, will you take mr. Hubbard out and show him where that leak is sure thing
 Tell me what I'll say about the rabbit.
 His folks weren't in, but he'd be very glad to take the mother.
 This way, Mr. Hubbard.
 Yes, sir.
 You raised rabbits?
 I was going to.
 Here you are.
 There's the pipe that's dripping.
 Oh, on the weather of a ranch that'll fit that or not.
 Want me to look in your bag for you?
 Yeah, no, thank you.
 It's a good thing you're getting out of this rabbit business.
 Don't you recommend it?
 I'd be a rich man now, but worn for rabbits.
 - What happened?
 - By the time it was over, even my wife left me.
 (audience laughs)
 - Yeah?
 But do you want me to hold a screwdriver for you?
 - Yeah, will you just put it down, please?
 - Sure.
 - I raised beavers once too.
 - Make a lot of money on them?
 - That was the second time my wife left me.
 - Well, did she ever come back?
 - She did, and she got even with me.
 How?
 She went in for raising turkeys.
 She make a lot of money?
 That was when I left her.
 (audience laughs)
 I see, well, tell me, did you ever raise silver foxes?
 Just for one winter.
 Now there was an experience.
 Yeah?
 If you want to make money real quick though,
 the thing to do is raise pigeons.
 Pigeons?
 Yeah, that's what I'm gonna put every cent I've got into.
 Is that right?
 Yes, sir. Once I get it going, I'm giving up plumbin'.
 Want me to hold that nut?
 Uh, just leave your hands over.
 Yes.
 I figured out there's 300 cent profit in every pigeon you raise.
 As much as that? What do you sell them for? Eating purposes?
 Don't raise that kind. I tried them once. I had to eat them all myself.
 Well, what kind do you raise?
 - Carriers. - Carriers?
 Is that right?
 - Oh.
 - The kind that get back home no matter where you take them, huh?
 - Yeah, there's my hammer.
 - Oh, let's see.
 Oh, here it is.
 - Leave it there, I'll pick it up.
 (audience laughing)
 - I knew fella once that raised carrier pigeons
 and sold them to the army.
 - Is that what you're going to do?
 - Yeah, and put them in races.
 That's where you make the real money.
 Sometimes you win as much as five or ten dollars.
 Gee whiz, I didn't know anything like that was going on.
 Oh, what is it you're looking for, Mr. Hubbard?
 And pair of pliers, just let me look for myself.
 Do you mind if I point to them?
 Where are they?
 Oh, yeah, I am.
 Gee, there's a business I'd like to go in.
 What's stopping you?
 Well, do pigeons take up very much room in the cellar?
 What are you going to keep them in the cellar for?
 Why don't you keep them in your attic?
 Gee, how do they get along in an attic?
 All you got to do is fix up some hoops
 and be sure the windows are left open.
 I wonder why I didn't think of that myself.
 Want your two-world bag, Mr. Hubbard?
 Uh, put it right back where it was.
 Yes.
 How much would it cost to go into the pigeon business, Mr. Hubbard?
 - Get your head out of the way.
 (audience laughs)
 - Is that better?
 - Yeah, just keep it out.
 - I guess you don't need any expensive equipment
 like you do for rabbits.
 - All you need is some secondhand coops.
 - Where could I get those?
 - Any reason you couldn't advertise in the morning paper?
 - You mean advertise?
 I just say I want some secondhand pigeon coops,
 and that's all.
 - What else would you suggest?
 - Sure, and I'd save money.
 Unless of course nobody answered.
 But then the way I look at it, you've got to take a gamble at anything if you want to
 make money.
 Isn't that the way you look at it, Mr. Hubbard?
 Well, I...
 What are you doing out here?
 Well, I'm helping Mr. Hubbard find his tools, Mother.
 Could you please stand back so you don't cast a shadow on him?
 Oh, my goodness.
 The way you've been talking out here, I thought you'd have all the problems of the world settled.
 Have you heard us?
 Well, I haven't heard what it was about.
 What time does the center of Olgazette close?
 - No, I have no idea.
 - They're open till pretty late.
 - They are?
 - Why do you ask, dear?
 - Oh.
 - No reason.
 I was just wondering how long they stay open.
 - His father around in the living room, any place?
 - Your father went out.
 - Is everyone right?
 He went out?
 - Mr. Hubbard, will I be in your way here?
 - No, ma'am.
 - Well, goodbye.
 - Where are you going, Henry?
 - I'm just in the living room.
 Look around.
 [ Laughter ]
 Operator. Operator, could you get me the son or vogue as that please?
 Yes, ma'am.
 Hi, Ray. Are you in the living room?
 I think I am, mother.
 Mr. Hubbard wants to know whether you picked up his screwdriver.
 Tell him he'll find it in his left hip pocket.
 Thank you.
 Hello?
 Well, how do I put in an advertisement?
 Coaps.
 Just ordinary pigeon coops.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that sounds good.
 Sign at Henry W. Aldridge.
 Yeah.
 About how much will that be?
 As much as that?
 Well, would it be cheaper if I left the W out?
 [laughter]
 Well, supposing I leave the Henry out?
 Okay.
 Just say reasonable prices pay for old pigeon coops.
 Sign at Aldridge. Yes sir. Yes sir. Goodbye. Henry, would you see this at the door please?
 Yes mother, I'd be very glad to help you mother. Gee whiz Tommy, you over here already?
 I came over to get my rabbits. Yeah, come on in. Did you ask your folks whether it'd be alright?
 I don't know why it wouldn't be alright. Why should I worry them about a little thing like that?
 Yeah, well come on down the cellar stairs.
 Why don't you want them Henry?
 My folks would rather I raise pigeons.
 Pigeons?
 Sure, I've become a pigeon fancier.
 Yeah?
 Sure, I may even raise pigeons for the army.
 Big money in it Tommy.
 Yeah?
 Mm-hmm.
 For the Department of Interior Communications.
 Yeah?
 Your rabbits are around here on the other side of the Preserve Closet.
 Oh, you showed them Tommy.
 Now listen, before I let you see them,
 them. When do I get that who's it? You promised me on the telephone.
 Oh, tomorrow Henry. I couldn't bring it over tonight.
 Okay. Oh, here they are in this box.
 Look at them.
 That's what I say. Can you beat that?
 Well, what's the matter? They're right here.
 Can you imagine that?
 What all I want is for?
 You got to take eight.
 I haven't got room for eight. I'm going to have trouble keeping just four in my
 closet. Well you should have gotten here sooner Tommy. Well they certainly isn't my
 fault. Yes mother that's Tommy. Is he taking all four of the rabbits? Yes mother.
 I'm certainly glad to hear that dear. Tommy, Tommy when we go up don't say
 anything about the four I'm keeping. Why not? Maybe I can surprise my mother
 after all. Boy am I gonna make money. Rabbits in our basement and pigeons in
 in our attic.
 Our scene shifts for the next moment, ladies and gentlemen, to a department store, where
 we clear up the mystery of the lady...
 Good evening...
 ...and the gong.
 Behind a counter on the fifth floor, lamps China curtains, drapes, rugs, house furnishings,
 and so forth, there stands a clerk approaching him is the lady who says,
 "Last week I bought a piece of merchandise in this department. I have it here with me. It's a dinner gong."
 "Yes, madam?"
 "You see, I used to have a lot of trouble every night getting my husband and the children to the dinner table.
 They'd keep right on reading the paper or listening to the radio or whatever else they were doing when I called them.
 So I bought this gong."
 "An excellent idea, madam."
 "But now I want to return it if I may."
 Well, is anything wrong with it, Madam?
 Let's have a look at it.
 Sounds alright to me.
 Oh, the gums are alright.
 But recently I've been serving
 Jello Chocolates pudding for dinner.
 Now when I start to ring the gums,
 my husband and the children are sitting at the table
 before I get a chance to hit it.
 And the very delicious moral to that story
 is, ladies and gentlemen,
 folks certainly do get to the table
 and get there in a hurry when they know
 there's Jello Chocolates pudding for dessert.
 Because, friends, it's a grand treat
 that everybody loves.
 young and old alike. Nothing can compare with its rich, creamy smoothness and its
 thrilling chocolate flavor. And you'll be simply delighted to find how quickly
 and easily you can prepare jello chocolate pudding, how inexpensive it is,
 and how many different and delicious desserts you can make with it. So try it
 tomorrow, why don't you? Start right away to treat the folks at your house to
 this new family favorite. Well, luscious, easy-to-eat, jello chocolate pudding.
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the problems of Henry Aldrich.
 Without telling his parents, Henry is inserted an advertisement in the town paper
 and signed it with the name Aldrich.
 Vassine opens the following day in his father's office.
 Miss Thompson, I don't have a great deal of time. Will you take a letter in a hurry, please?
 Yes, I still have a letter.
 To the Brown Realty Company.
 There, Mr. Brown, this is to advise you that unless steps are taken at once...
 Mr. Aldrich is over.
 Yes?
 Yes?
 No, sir, you must have the wrong number, I'm afraid.
 No number?
 Yes, sir.
 Now then you just started a letter to the Brown Realty Company.
 Dear Mr. Brown, this is to advise you that unless debts are taken as wise.
 Yes.
 This is to advise you that unless steps are taken as wise.
 Mr. Ulrich is open.
 What was this?
 I don't understand you.
 Say that slowly, please.
 One moment.
 Mr. Ulrich, somebody wants to talk to you about something.
 Let me have it.
 Samuel Oritt speaking, what number are you calling?
 Pigeon coops.
 Did you say pigeon coops?
 My name is Oritt.
 I'm the only Orittian town, but I don't buy pigeon coops.
 Who is this talking?
 Charlie?
 Or you can't fool me, Charlie.
 Now listen, Charlie, I'm busy as the deuce right now.
 I'll give you a call later.
 Don't bother me.
 Goodbye.
 Charlie Goslin would try to be funny just when I'm trying to get my work done
 Try to make me think his name was Tony Vichito
 Be quite honest, Mr. Old, I never did like Mr. Goslin.
 Well, we get a lot of business from him
 Now then, where were we?
 This is to advise you that unless steps are taken at once
 Is that all the farther we got?
 It is
 Unless steps are taken at once
 What did I was going to say?
 I have no idea
 Now I remember, toward improving the property occupied by my...
 Let me answer that.
 Sam already speaking.
 Who?
 Yes, Charlie.
 They're selling pigeon coops?
 I will take all 15.
 Yes, deliver them right to our house.
 I don't care where you put them.
 Put them in the living room.
 Yes, and don't bother me anymore.
 Just because Charlie Goshen happens to be a client.
 How far are we?
 Right where we were.
 Yes.
 You know, it would be just like Charlie to go and find 15 pigeon coops and deliver them to our house.
 I remember one other practical joke he tried to play off.
 Miss Thompson, please answer that.
 If it's Charlie again, tell him I've gone for the day.
 Hello?
 Yes, sir.
 Mr. Olrit, Mr. Olrit, it's a centerville feed company.
 They want to know whether they may supply you with cracked corn.
 (audience laughing)
 For what?
 One moment.
 Hello?
 Mr. Olrit wants to know what he would use cracked corn for.
 No, Mr. Olrit has not changed his business.
 He's still practicing law. Goodbye.
 Cracked corn?
 Cracked?
 Did that sound like Charlie Gosling?
 My suspicion is that was Mr. Gosler.
 No, no, he probably phoned the Centerville Feed Company and told them to call here.
 Now, unless steps are taken, it was to him. Who's at the door?
 You Mr. Orrids?
 I am.
 How many pigeon coops do you want?
 I beg your pardon?
 How many did you want?
 Did you say pigeon coops?
 Pigeon coops.
 A pork and what you have all you need up to sixty.
 May I ask who sent you here?
 sent you here. I don't know my poor just told me to come up here. Where is your
 poor? Down in front. Had a parked double. We got all 60 down there. You have 60
 pigeon coops down in front for me. Sure you want to brought up here to the
 office? No. It also fixed you up with 60 feet and pray. Now then young man may I
 ask how your father happened to come here. I don't know. Do you know a gentleman
 but the name of Charles Goslin? Never heard of. But here's what you're to do.
 You're to deliver your confounded goops to Mr. Gosland's residence at 12 Church Street.
 All 60?
 All 60 and all 60 feeding trays.
 Who paid for them?
 Send the bill to Mr. Gosland.
 Sure.
 Take them over right away.
 That's fine.
 Mrs. Aldrich. Mrs. Aldrich is on the phone.
 What does she want?
 There's a gentleman by the name of the Cheeto at your house and loading pigeon coops.
 You can piss the final leaving them in the living room.
 Now I know it was Charlie.
 This is all she says he had nothing to do with it.
 Well then the fella must be insane.
 That's why she says you ought to come over.
 Yes, yes, where's my hat and coat right in the middle of the busiest day I ever had.
 If anyone else calls Miss Thompson I've left.
 Hello, Father.
 Hello.
 Can I speak to you just a minute?
 You may not.
 Good bye.
 Well what do you know about that?
 Miss Thompson is he in a hurry over something?
 He is.
 And if I were you, I wouldn't follow him.
 Miss, Miss Thompson could...
 I've got access to it.
 Where's Sam Alridge?
 He just went out.
 I've got exactly what he wants outside on my truck.
 What is it?
 Aye, it's of the darlinest pigeon coop you ever put your two eyes on.
 Well, Gee whiz, could you hold him over to my house?
 And why not?
 Well, I don't think anyone's home.
 Oh, now you take the coops, and I'll give you a dozen fine birds to go with them.
 You will?
 I will not.
 Gee whiz, I'll be getting an even better start than I thought I would.
 Let's go!
 For the last time, please put the rest of your coops on your wagon and get away from the front of my house.
 You know, out of a tise?
 I did not advertise.
 The ladies, she know out of a tise?
 I did not advertise. No one in this house advertised. We couldn't have.
 That's a funny thing. My wife is she's a reader to me after love.
 What you probably did was to misunderstand the name.
 What's your name?
 Aldrich.
 Aldrich, that's all right. I'm a telephoner.
 He's a show show. So bring on me 50th in the coals.
 All right, I'll admit that I'm the one who answered the phone, but...
 I thought you were somebody else.
 I'll meet to his price.
 [audience laughing]
 No, I thought you were a friend by the name of Charlie.
 Alice, what's a Charlie got to do with it?
 Now listen, my friend, for the last time,
 put that final crate on your wagon and get away from here.
 All right, all right, time to go home and rid the air.
 You sure you know one of these acupes of chips?
 Get out!
 All right, all right, give me a please.
 Bye, maybe I see you tomorrow.
 No!
 Well, thank goodness he's gone.
 You know Alice, I honestly believe the fellow's crazy.
 Did you hear it?
 Me practically insisted that we advertise.
 Father, take a look.
 What did it, Henry?
 And what I've got right here in this truck, pigeon coops.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Where did you get those?
 They're from my pigeons.
 How are you, sir, Maldridge?
 Could you give me a hand to him, everybody?
 Sure.
 One minute.
 Henry, are you unloading those here?
 Sure.
 Oh, don't with them, me son.
 Hey, wait before you unload that.
 Oh, it's not too heavy, Father.
 Oh, there we are.
 What's that I hear?
 No, for three years I've been wanted to show you me gratitude, Sam.
 Mulligan, I'm sorry, but we have no place here for those pigeons.
 But father, they aren't costing us a cent. We're getting them absolutely free.
 What do you mean?
 Mr. Mulligan has very kindly consented to credit the coops toward a Bill Heo's father.
 What was that?
 Don't you think that's fair, father?
 Henry, will you and Mr. Mulligan please put that crate back on the truck?
 You mean you don't want them?
 I do not. Oh, but, but, but, but it's three years I've been owning and that builds Sam.
 Don't you think it's about time it was paid? Sam?
 If you take those crates away I'll call the whole thing paid.
 Oh, now, now that's very decent of you, Sam. Give me a hand, me boy.
 But father, I need them.
 Hey, Ray. Do you want me to put that on for you? I'll help him.
 Ah, you're a gentleman, Sam Aldrich.
 And the next time I come into town I'll bring your son a present.
 But not pigeons or pigeon cook.
 Oh no, no, no, or not pigeons.
 I'll bring him a fine white nanny goat I have.
 You will?
 You will not?
 Good.
 Good day to you all.
 She was.
 Now I've even lost what I paid for the ad.
 For the ad?
 For what ad?
 For coops, didn't I tell you?
 Let's go into the house, Enry.
 I want to have a talk with you.
 I know what you're gonna say.
 I wouldn't cry right out here on the sidewalk, Henry.
 I'm not crying.
 Who's crying?
 You're a disappointed dear, but the next time you do anything like this, you must tell us.
 Of course.
 We may not have room for pigeons any more than we had for rabbits, but we'll find something you can have.
 The only thing is I need pigeon coops. I need them bad.
 Oh, today you need them, but by tomorrow you'll have forgotten all about them.
 Sam, what's that?
 What was what?
 Something just flew out of our attic window.
 Out of which window?
 That was one of my pigeons.
 What of what pigeons?
 That Mr. Hubbard gave me.
 That he gave you? How many did he give you?
 Just six. Two of them are up there setting.
 In our attic?
 It would be all right if they had a coop, Father.
 Henry Aldrich.
 Henry, could I see you all minute?
 What about Tommy?
 What have you got in the box there?
 Your rabbit.
 My mother and father won't let me keep them.
 What are you doing returning all four of them?
 All four of them.
 There are ten of them.
 Can you imagine?
 Henry, we can't possibly take those.
 But mother, the ones I have don't bother you any, do they?
 The ones you have.
 Yeah, the ones in the Preserve Club.
 Henry!
 Look! Look who's coming! It's Touser!
 Oh, my old dog Touser will jee-wiz!
 And where are you going to keep him, Henry?
 Oh, he can sleep at the foot of my bed.
 Listen, Henry.
 I want my who's it back that I gave you for the rabbits.
 Oh no, that was a bargain, Tommy.
 You've got to give it back.
 Give what back?
 My snake.
 What's that?
 No, he gave me that snake.
 Henry, why should you want an old dead snake?
 From mother it isn't dead, it's alive.
 What?
 Where is it?
 Where is it?
 Yes.
 It's in my top, you're a drawer.
 Henry, open it!
 [Music]
 Henry Aldrich will be back again in just a moment.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 Now folks, tomorrow night, why not treat yourself to one of those popular new jello puddings you've been hearing so much about?
 Let's say a grand tempting dish of jello vanilla pudding dressed up perhaps with a handful of rich nuts or raisins
 Now there is a truly fine dessert one that has no rival when it comes to smooth creamy goodness
 Every time you enjoy it, which is sure to be often you'll find yourself more excited than ever about the delectable flavor of jello vanilla pudding
 because there's nothing to equal its delightful taste, so delicate and yet marvellously mellow.
 It's a quick, easy, inexpensive dessert, a captivating climax to any meal.
 So make tomorrow night's dinner end on a truly festive note by serving the family this luscious treat.
 You'll add a new name on your list of favorite desserts the very first time you enjoy the rare, distinctive goodness of Jell-O vanilla pudding.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 - You know, Tommy, I just had a big idea.
 - What about Henry?
 - We can make some money on these pigeons.
 We can clean up.
 Wow, all we have to do is put another rat in the paper.
 The only trouble is though, we'll have to put it in in your father's name.
 [laughter]
 Well, now ladies and gentlemen, in the event you would like to see Henry's latest advertisement,
 you will find it only a next week's issue of Centerville's leading paper.
 The Aldrich family starring Ezra Stone is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Original music for the program is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
 By the way, Ezra Stone will appear as Henry Allrich
 as the state theater in Hartford, Connecticut
 for four days, beginning February 22nd.
 Now this is Harry Vonsell speaking
 and wishing you good night for those delicious
 new desserts all America's talking about.
 Jello Pudding.
 (audience applauding)
 Thank you.
 (applause)
 [ Silence ]
