 [Music]
 In three! Henry Olrich! Coming, mother!
 The All Rich Family, written by Clifford Goldsmith,
 featuring the Broadway stars as Rustone and this week's special guest, Betty Fue.
 Brought to you by Jello Pudding, those delicious new desserts all America's talking about.
 The Aldrich family arrived on Broadway this week in the hilarious successful Paramount
 picture of What A Life.
 It's truly a four-bell movie and we urge you all to see it.
 Tonight we are pleased to present one of the stars of the motion picture, Miss Betty Field.
 It will play Barbara Pearson, Henry Sweetheart.
 As usual, the part of Henry Aldrich is played by Ezra Stone.
 They've seen Opens in Barbara's home.
 It is early evening.
 Grandma!
 Grandmother!
 Grandmother!
 Well, yeah, Barbara.
 Henry, you all just become young, has he?
 No, come in and not ask you, Barbara.
 Uh, no, he hasn't, Barbara.
 First time this week, he hasn't been here.
 Father, could you come here a minute?
 Where are you?
 I'm here in the front hall.
 Well, well, what is it this time, Barbara?
 Now, listen, Father.
 I don't want grandmother to hear me.
 Why don't you want me to?
 Oh, no reason.
 Father yes when Henry comes would you do something for me well what is it I know
 it's awful but I've got it all planned I found out today Henry is saying an
 awful lot of Constance Marshall who told you Constance yourself did I say but
 not even seen them together I'll I'll back the candy we had around here last
 night I haven't any idea father when Henry does come would you learn stepping
 into the room just once or twice and saying George Bigel I want to speak to
 me on the telephone. Well, I will. Father, won't you? I'm just a bit surprised,
 Barbara. Father, it wouldn't be so terrible, wouldn't? Don't you think I'm human? Barbara,
 I still think it'd be much better if you got your grandmother mixed up in this. But daddy,
 grandmother wouldn't approve it. You know she wouldn't. And exactly what makes you think
 I do. It's for Henry's own good father. Constance Marshall is so silly. Barbara, young ladies,
 don't go about deliberately making young men jealous. What would they do? I beg to differ
 with you. Well, I get my I. T. for peace that candy. So had my
 teeth. Charles, somebody's at the front door. Please say yes,
 father. Well, I'll think it over. That's practically yes. Tell
 him the other right now. Well, how do you do, young man? How do
 you do, Mr. Pearson? How are you this evening? Splendid. And
 that how is Mrs. Sanderson? She's splendid. No, she's not either.
 My digestion is terrible.
 Is that you in there, Mrs. Sanderson?
 Jaws.
 Tell Barbara Henry's here.
 Mask and all evening, where Henry is?
 Hashi.
 No, I haven't eaten it, grandmother.
 I had to stop for a second and see
 somebody on the way over, Barbara.
 Oh.
 Wanna want to put your hats in that package, Don?
 I'll put my hat down, but I think I'll keep the package.
 Don't you trust us, Henry?
 Oh, I don't mind holding it.
 It only weighs two pounds.
 What's in it?
 Oh, just a little something.
 Well, Mr. Pearson, how do you find business?
 - Very good, Henry.
 - You know, my father was saying--
 - Will you excuse me just a moment, Henry?
 - That's all right.
 - Henry, I went over to my doctor's today.
 - Is that right?
 - And I can't eat one blessed thing.
 - Is that right?
 - And I can't remember when I went sleep last.
 - Hello, Henry.
 - Oh, hello.
 Well--
 - Oh, here, here's a package for you.
 Be careful when you take it, it weighs two pounds.
 Oh, you shouldn't have done this, Henry.
 Well, aren't you going to open it?
 All right.
 Who did you drop in to see on your way over, Henry?
 Nobody in particular.
 It wasn't Constance Marshall, was it?
 Oh, all she wanted me to do was drop in and say hello.
 Oh, she's a nice girl.
 Bobra?
 Yes, Bobra?
 You're wanted on the telephone.
 Who is it?
 It sounded like George Bigelow.
 George Bigelow?
 again
 all
 will you excuse me
 you mean you're going without opening it
 i'll be right
 it's a strange i didn't hear that for a ring
 mrs sanderson did
 did mr pearsons say george big along he did
 george big along
 tell me
 what do you want to sleep think of george tell you true so don't think of
 them at all
 are you think of
 all you can't get me to say anything against them
 very honorable of you
 You know, I said to Barbara only the other day.
 And lady, I said, "I hope you appreciate
 what kind of young man Henry Orgrit really is."
 - Is that right? - Oh, mine is.
 - And what did she say?
 - I forget, Ma'am. - Oh.
 - Well, I certainly hope George doesn't call again.
 - George Fine?
 - It's very fun.
 - Glad to hear that.
 - Certainly wish I could say as much about herself.
 - Don't you think it'd feel better
 if you went up to bed grandmother?
 - When you're gonna open that candy.
 I'm opening it.
 Candy grandmother hmm well just to candy Henry. Oh, I didn't even know you were there
 Thank you. Mmm very good
 Even if they do have no shall we step out onto the front porch barber?
 No, I'm going out there and catch pneumonia right the prime your lives or a cudin barber put on a coat maybe
 Yes, Bob. I think it's George big a load. Yeah, my goodness
 I guess he just thinks I don't have anything else to do.
 Excuse me, isn't he?
 Uh-huh.
 I must be getting deaf.
 Henry, do you hear any following rings?
 No, ma'am.
 How are you?
 With I?
 Hmm.
 I don't.
 Whatever it is.
 You know, would you do something about it?
 What is there I can do?
 Oh, it's worth having it.
 Worth having, ain't it?
 You mean, you mean I ought to pound the daylights out of George?
 Oh, he's out of him or out of Barbara.
 How?
 Let me lay your hands on.
 Reminds me.
 I don't mean that, can't he?
 But if Barbara likes George, I don't see how socking him is going to help any.
 He'll certainly make you feel better, won't he?
 Even if he's older than I am?
 Isn't he, young man?
 I used to be as pretty as any of them in my day, and I know all the tricks of the trade.
 Did you used to fight?
 When the occasion demanded it, yes.
 Hey, are these all caramelles?
 No, ma'am.
 Now, let me tell you something.
 If you want to make her set up and take notice, only way to do is to make her joke.
 I mean, when she comes into the room, I don't pay any attention to her.
 I just sit and talk to you.
 Well, is that the way they do it in the movie?
 You mean I should make her think I like somebody else?
 No, I'm telling you.
 Not as a grandmother.
 But as one soldier to another.
 Get busy and get busy quick.
 Yes, ma'am.
 Yeah.
 One eater, half of this one.
 Good nut, son.
 My goodness.
 George Bigelow, he wants to give me his class pin.
 Can you imagine such a thing?
 Well, I'm late as it is.
 Where are you going?
 No place.
 I just told Connie when I dropped in, I'd be right back.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 I didn't tell George he could come over.
 No, I just called him back.
 Well, of course.
 Maybe I will.
 If he's phone ain't wore out.
 What's that you're putting in the lapelia code?
 Oh, nothing.
 Just a pen of Connie.
 She asked me to wear.
 Where'd she get it?
 Her mother had it first. It's an old family hair loom.
 Let me see what it says.
 Vote the Democratic ticket.
 Yeah, the whole family comes from a long line of Democrats.
 Oh.
 I'm sorry you have to go, Henry.
 Maybe I can stay.
 I'm telling you, Henry, all right, you're making the mistake here alive.
 But, well, Grandmother, I don't think we should force him to go.
 Henry well, I guess I have to go barber. Goodbye
 Bye, I am and I suppose we see very much of you from now on will we why not? Oh?
 Oh, oh, yeah, I guess this time goes on you won't well
 Who is it you better go to George?
 She's over at somebody's house and wants you to come over is that right? Oh
 I'll answer in just a minute.
 Who is this constant marshal?
 Constance Marshall is nothing but an NTS.
 What's an NTS?
 NTS is necktie straightener.
 Every boy she meets she has to straighten right away.
 Charles, who is constant marshal?
 Constance Marshall's father is one of the most active Republicans in this state.
 Is that right?
 I think I'll be going.
 I know what you're going to do, Henri Otter.
 You're not going to Connie's house at all.
 But I am.
 Oh no, you weren't.
 You're really going to some other girl's house.
 I hope whoever she is you have an awful time in.
 But listen.
 No, I won't.
 I hate you, Henry Aldrin.
 Young man, get out of this house.
 Good Mr. Sam.
 And don't you ever die from this doorway again.
 With chocolate spilled with nuts and raisins?
 Get out of here.
 Yes, ma'am.
 [Music]
 Hello Henry.
 Hi, your Constance.
 Where are you going?
 No place just at the grocery store.
 Henry, all of a sudden, look at your neck time.
 I know it's crooked.
 I wear my tie like that purposely.
 Please let Constance help you.
 Not so tight.
 Do you want to strangle me?
 How do you do, Henry Aldrich?
 Oh, how do you do, Mrs. Sanderson?
 How do you do, Mrs. Sanderson?
 How do you do, young lady?
 Where are you going?
 I'm going to the doctor.
 Would you like to have me walk along partway with you?
 Oh, do you have to go now, Henry?
 Gee, I'm late as it is.
 Tell you what I wish you do, Henry.
 Say right where you are.
 Here?
 Yes, sir.
 Barbara, be along just a minute or so.
 Wish you tell her where I've gone.
 But my mother's waiting for the groceries.
 Do you want, Barbara, to walk the streets of this town
 looking for me?
 I used to stay right here because I'll tell you to.
 And you young lady, you stay here to see those.
 Oh yes, Mrs. Sander.
 And you tell her if I'm up for doctors,
 I'll be right across the street,
 and there's getting a bag of candy.
 Henry, all good, you look at your hair.
 Listen, Constance.
 You know, you could be one of the cutest boys I've ever known.
 Cute?
 I'm cute.
 Who?
 How do you think I'm cute?
 Oh, Henry, you've got the cutest lot of hair right up there.
 What's the matter with it?
 Every time I push it down it goes right up.
 Oh, look at it.
 Down, up, down, up.
 How do you do?
 Where did you come from, Barbara?
 No, please.
 Your grandmother wanted me to tell you she's gone to the doctors.
 I know where she is.
 Oh, what did she want us to wait here and tell you for?
 I should like to add Henry Aldrich.
 But you are certainly making us spectacles yourself out here in the street.
 I am?
 No self-respecting person would have his hair combed by a girl
 out in public. Listen Barbara, I'll have you know I'll have my hair comb wherever I want.
 And what George Bigelow said about you is absolutely true.
 What do you say about me? Never mind. He said you. He said I hope from time it tells you what he said.
 What do you know about that? Gee was anybody think I'd struck her?
 Henry, if I were you, I'd never speak to her again.
 I hope you don't think I'm going to speak to her again.
 Henry, would you like to come over to my house tonight?
 She would. I'd be glad to.
 I'd be glad to. I think it would do me good.
 Before Henry Aldrich comes back, I want to say that if you happen to have an active growing boy in your family,
 family, I know one thing, I know that you're kept plenty busy feeding that boy, because
 youngsters that age are always hungry, always on the lookout for something good to eat.
 Well, now here's a dessert that every boy and girl too will say is a real smoothie.
 The new Jello Butterscotch pudding.
 It has a swell tempting color like gold-colored taffy.
 It's smooth and luscious, and it just can't be beat for real flavor.
 That's rich and delicious as old-fashioned butterscotch candy.
 No butter scotch puddings bring you real downright homemade goodness, and best of all
 it's quick and easy to make.
 It takes you only a few minutes, there's no fuss or trouble, you just can't go wrong.
 Then try jello chocolate pudding with that wonderful real chocolate goodness smooth and
 satisfying.
 And jello vanilla pudding cream-colored and tempting with nuts or fruits folded in to
 make it even more delicious.
 All three new jello puddings have that homemade richness you love, so try them all.
 Here goes to tomorrow for Jello, butterscotch, chocolate, and vanilla pudding.
 [Music]
 Back at the Aldrich home we find the whole family seated at the breakfast table.
 Everyone that is except Henry.
 Henry! Henry! Henry!
 Mary, do you know whether Henry's up yet?
 He said he was getting up the first time he calls.
 Father!
 What is it?
 Father, will you please tell Mary that a G.C.
 Connie Mardle go by to flag her?
 Aren't you all dressed yet, Henry?
 Practically, Mother.
 My goodness, all Henry can think about is Constance Marshall.
 How is it he never sees Barbara Pearson anymore?
 Her grandmother won't let him near the house.
 What's the trouble?
 I don't know, except she said something
 about his going too far over something.
 And did I tell you about the picture
 I found under Henry's pillow?
 - Of whom, Barbara's grandmother?
 - Of Connie Marshall.
 And down in the corner it said,
 Constance to others, but constantly to Henry,
 does not make you positively ill, mother?
 - Please pass the salt.
 - This whole business is something
 I shall never understand.
 - Oh, forget it.
 My next week you'll be over the whole thing.
 - Mother!
 - Yes, Henry?
 Have you any idea where my trousers might be?
 I thought you were all dressed.
 I am, Father.
 All of my trousers.
 They seem to be missing.
 Where did you wear them last?
 I think it was when I went to the movies.
 Don't tell me you like your trousers at the movies.
 Where your brown trousers, dear?
 My brown trousers are mother-coddies of the light, though.
 She tells them what clothes to wear.
 The next thing you know, they'll be announcing their engagement.
 It may be of interest for you to know
 that this is not one bit funny.
 But Mother, I think it would be all right with Constance.
 How do you know?
 I heard her tell Henry only the other day
 that she believes in long engagement.
 Well, this would have to be a good long one
 because Henry still has a year and a half of high school
 and six years of college before he even begins
 to practice law.
 She may even talk him out of becoming a lawyer.
 Mary, you certainly are cheerful this morning.
 (phone ringing)
 Mother, look out through the window.
 - Look at what I see! - Constance Marshall.
 - Constance Marshall. - She didn't come here for breakfast now.
 - Well, I selected a very excellent name for that child.
 - Hello, Mary. - Hello.
 I wanted whether you'd like to have me walk to school with you.
 - Come on in, Constance. - I guess you know my father, don't you?
 - Ha ha ha ha. How do you do? - How do you do?
 - My goodness, Mr. Old, would you look like Henry? - I.
 - Only, of course, an awful lot older. - Yes.
 - Shall we start now, Constance? Has Henry left yet?
 Not yet. Where is he?
 We have no idea where he is.
 You mean Mr. Algaj, Henry is left home?
 Apparently he has.
 Constance Henry's upstairs.
 We only think he's upstairs.
 No one in the family has seen him.
 We have simply heard sounds that might have come from Henry.
 Henry! Henry!
 You see? What did I tell you?
 There's somebody calling me!
 There's somebody down here to see you!
 Who is the mother?
 Somebody!
 You mean the ring ring?
 Yes!
 I know, but it is a stinky camera.
 I stinky!
 Henry!
 I'll be down just to sort of like buy my pants!
 Henry, it's not stinky, and even if it were, I don't think you should call him that!
 I need that to line!
 No, you're stinky!
 Henry!
 Father, come on up and help me buy my pants!
 Henry, you're just scraping the entire family!
 In fact, it might interest you to know that Constance is down here!
 Yeah?
 That was General Grant!
 Hello, Henry!
 Well do you wait where did you come from Connie?
 Home?
 Well why didn't anybody tell me I'll be right down.
 Henry have you got your trousers on?
 Oh no I'm glad you spoke about that excuse me.
 You better be starting Constance.
 Oh we got loads of time Mary.
 Not unless you want to be as late as Henry is.
 Goodbye mother.
 Goodbye father.
 Goodbye Mary.
 Goodbye Mr. Ogman.
 Goodbye.
 Charming young woman.
 Oh my goodness, Sam, I hope you'll get over it.
 You must remember, however, that someday somebody
 is going to marry that young woman.
 But it certainly isn't going to be Henry.
 It would be just our luck to have it be Henry.
 Wait for me, Mary.
 Wait for me.
 They've left Henry.
 Say what?
 Without me?
 Well, of course.
 Well, goodbye, everybody.
 Come back here and eat your breakfast.
 What, Mother, do you want me to run right on top of a hearty meal?
 I want you to come back to this table.
 Where did you find your trousers?
 That's the strangest part of it.
 I found them on a chair in my room.
 - On a chair? - Yeah.
 - Henry, where did you meet this constant?
 - I was a fine young store.
 - Henry, don't you think you should swallow your food
 before you talk?
 - That's not it.
 I learned to end up in the minute, Father.
 - There, I was assigned next to her.
 - In what way?
 - My seat.
 - My seat in assembly.
 - Oh, I see.
 - Why were you asking?
 - I was just wondering, what does her father do?
 - In the--
 - He's a what?
 Dr. Merritt, he's an exterminator.
 And exterminator?
 No matter what you have, even if it's rats,
 you call him and he'll get rid of him.
 Henry, that's right, mother.
 He'll get rid of any kind of pest there is.
 He has never shown any disfavor toward his daughter.
 Aren't you like Constance?
 Henry, in the past, your father and I have always
 permitted you to know anyone you wanted to.
 But somehow we don't care for this, Kanye.
 Why not, mother?
 Well, putting it bluntly, you're much too nice, father.
 mother dump the absurd. Until she came along I didn't care how I look. Now look at
 it. Remember that bunch of hair that that always used to stand up? Now I keep it
 calm down. And to tell you the truth I miss that lock of hair I miss it very
 much. You don't think I look improved? Henry dear when are you coming to your
 sense? And what way mother? Well for one week now you haven't touched your homework
 you can't eat your meals. I don't need food. Whatever became a barber of pissing.
 Barbara Pearson.
 Oh, good.
 She wouldn't.
 Well, she was all right when I was young, mother.
 You grew old seven days ago?
 I certainly changed since then.
 In what way, aside from putting Vaseline on your hair?
 In a lot of ways, father.
 Well, just remember, son, we wouldn't have you lose your head for anything.
 Is that clear?
 Yes, father.
 Now I run on the school.
 Yes, sir.
 Only you've got the wrong idea about Constance.
 I'm quite sure one of us has.
 "Goodbye, so long."
 Sam Aldridge, I'm worried sick.
 "Alice, you're worrying about something that's absurd."
 "Sam, I didn't want to say anything about it before.
 I usually don't read anything that belongs to Henry, but I picked up a note, Constance
 wrote him, and Sam, she isn't his kind."
 "Why didn't you tell me there was more to it?"
 "Well, what I want to know is what we should do."
 "Give him some cash to Royal and send him to bed."
 "Well, that's what I thought you'd say.
 I know what I am going to do."
 I'm going to handle this the way the psychologist say a parent should.
 Well, if I were you, I wouldn't start fooling around with psychology at a time like this.
 But it's common sense, Sam. If we forbid it's seeing the girl, it's simply a challenge.
 So the thing for us to do is to tell him that he may see her just as much as he wants to.
 Which is what he's doing, anyhow.
 But we should invite her to dinner, Sam.
 And might I hear to dinner?
 Well, of course. If he sees enough of her, he'll grow tired of her.
 You hope he will.
 I'm sure he will. And on next Saturday night we're having her and some of these other friends here for dinner.
 [Music]
 Hi, Connie.
 Henry. Henry, do you like my dress?
 Yeah, it's very pretty. I've got to see who's at the door.
 Oh, I'll let them in. It was George Bigelow and some other girls.
 Oh.
 Henry, let Connie straighten your toy.
 You always yank it so tight. The other night I had to go to sleep with it on.
 Oh, how do you do, Mrs. Aldrin?
 How do you do, Constance?
 We're very glad you could come.
 How do you do?
 You'll find my family in the living room. Papa has to leave early once.
 Sorry to hear that.
 He's got to go on a big job for somebody.
 You don't sense so.
 This is the third time he's been there. He just nicely gets the map and they always come back.
 Then come along.
 Henry, wait and talk to Connie.
 You gotta go and see my guests.
 Are they more important than pulled it alive?
 No, but I ought to go in and say a lot of them.
 Henry, Henry, look at me.
 Oh, you've got the bluest eyes Connie has ever seen in her life.
 Yeah?
 Excuse me, friend Repton.
 Oh.
 That's something in your eye, Henry?
 Huh.
 She was, Mrs. Sanderson.
 Hello, Henry.
 Henry, you didn't tell me Barbara was coming.
 No.
 Well, I understood this party was for me.
 I'm going in the other room and tell your mother what I think of it, Henry.
 You know that?
 Henry, I know I shouldn't have come.
 Even if your mother did say I should.
 But I'm glad to have you.
 I'm glad to have both of you.
 No, I'm not staying.
 I just can't make sure she got here.
 Where's your mother?
 In the next room.
 I just slipped in, say hello.
 Whether maybe there's a little candy around.
 Well, I see Constance has been fixing your tie again.
 How can you tell?
 It looks so nice.
 Doesn't look like you.
 No.
 When I came in she was just going to straighten your eyes for you I guess.
 Wasn't she?
 Listen Barbara, please.
 Henry, would you mind very much if I went home?
 Henry, aren't you going to come in and join your guests?
 Yes Father, we're coming.
 George Bigelow says he hasn't even seen you.
 George Bigelow?
 Henry, I can't go in there.
 Why not?
 Because I can't.
 Please let me go in.
 But I want you to stay up.
 Henry, I've got to tell you.
 Those telephone calls I had from George.
 They weren't from Georgia, do you?
 Well, who were they from?
 Nobody.
 I just did it to make him jealous.
 Was that your grandmother's idea?
 No.
 It was mine.
 Wasn't it ridiculous?
 Robert, come in here.
 They got cake with every kind of icing you can think of.
 No.
 Henry, your mother wants you.
 I'll be there.
 She wants you now, right away.
 Of a clenchy way to suck.
 No.
 Now then, young lady, if you want Henry old Ridge,
 You will stay here where you can keep an eye on him.
 I'm not gonna stay.
 You want to upset me more than I already am?
 I can't help but I'm going home.
 Well, wait, no.
 Well, you've got to come in, dear.
 It wouldn't be a party without you.
 Why not?
 Or any number of reason?
 Well, look at my eyes.
 They're a sight.
 Here is my dear only make you prettier.
 I know from experience.
 Do you really think so?
 (somber music)
 I've been thinking about that party. I knew that I didn't understand psychology. I didn't say that. I said that you were taking a gamble. Just think we won't have to worry about that awful constant marshal or the idea of Henry's ever giving up law.
 giving up law or getting engaged before he leaves high school.
 - Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, usually work out for this.
 - Mm, provided you give him a little assistance.
 By the way, have you heard Henry come in yet?
 - No, believe I have.
 - Oh, my goodness, what time is it?
 - It's by the clock on the bureau at 10 minutes to two.
 - Sam Oldridge Henry has never stayed out
 this late before in his life.
 - I thought you weren't going to worry anymore.
 - Oh, Henry, is that you?
 Where have you been, Henry?
 No place.
 I just walked home with Barbara, and then I had to wait until her grandmother went to bed.
 Come in here and say good night to us.
 I want to thank you for the swell party.
 Barbara said she had a very nice time.
 He'd sit down here on the edge of the bed.
 Henry, you're sitting right on my ankle.
 I'm sorry, Father.
 I didn't know it was there.
 Where did you think it would be?
 Henry, move your head over toward the light from the door.
 What for?
 Well, Henry, I could almost cry.
 Why?
 That old lock of hair, it's standing straight up again.
 Yeah.
 She lets me wear my necktie so I can breathe too.
 Mother, would you mind my asking right from the shoulder?
 What, dear?
 Well, would you and Father be disappointed if I didn't
 study six years to become a lawyer?
 Why not?
 No particular reason, Father.
 Just asking.
 Henry, old Richard, aren't thinking of getting married, are you?
 No mother, no. We think you should wait until you're at least through high school, don't you?
 Well, Alice, you certainly understand psychology.
 [music]
 Well, ladies and gentlemen, once there was a husband who was very fussy about his desserts.
 He liked puddings, but only the kind of puddings that his wife made for him.
 Well, of course, it's a lot of work to make good puddings, so this man's wife decided
 to play a little trick on him.
 What happened?
 Well, the wife who wrote us about this is right here in person.
 Mrs. Florence C., who lives at 25 Hillside Avenue, Washington Heights, New York City.
 Here's your letter, Mrs. C. Would you read us the rest of what you wrote, please?
 Certainly, Mr. Varnzel.
 I've decided to try a jello chocolate pudding.
 It only took me a few minutes to risk it up, and when supper time came, there it was.
 a big bowl full of rich creamy smooth chocolate pudding.
 Well, my husband came right back for the second helping.
 Said it was the most delicious pudding I had ever made.
 So then I told him about it,
 told him that I had used the new jello chocolate pudding.
 He had to admit it surely was a success.
 Every bit as delicious as the old-fashioned kind.
 - Well, thank you very much, Mr. C.
 And ladies, that is the way to make a hit
 with your husband too.
 For the new jello puddings have that real old-fashioned
 goodness.
 creamy, smooth, full-flavored and tempting,
 but they're far quicker and easier to make.
 There are three delicious yellow puddings to choose from.
 Rich chocolate, mellow butter scotch,
 and creamy, delicate vanilla.
 Yes, you like all three new jello puddings.
 Real old-fashioned puddings made a new-fashioned way.
 So try them tomorrow.
 (upbeat music)
 Barbara.
 - Yes, Henry.
 Are you sure your grandmother's going to bed?
 Thanks, Heaven.
 She has.
 Well, uh, do you mind my asking you something?
 What is it, Henry?
 What would, uh, would you like to go to a football game with me Saturday?
 Of course I would, Henry.
 If you go, Henry, I give you the money to get a seat for me.
 Well, Grandma's in again, but be sure to tune in again next week for further adventures
 of Henry Aldrich.
 The Aldrich family, starring as with Stone, is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 night's special guest was Betty Fields, star of the stage in screenplay, What A Life,
 and she'll be back with us again next week.
 Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
 Eriff Anzel speaking and wishing you good night for those delicious new desserts all
 America's talking about.
 Jello or pudding.
 This is the National Broadcasting Company.
