 [Music]
 Henry! Henry old Ray!
 Coming Mother!
 [Applause]
 The Aldrich Family, written by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone.
 Entertainment for All the Family brought to you by Postam,
 attempting wholesome drink for All the Family. Postam.
 Friends, before we join the Aldrich family,
 I wonder if I could put something squarely up to each one of you
 who has trouble getting to sleep at night.
 Would you be willing to make a simple test that should show whether coffee keeps you
 awake?
 Mind you, it may not be coffee, for there's no question that many folks can drink it without
 losing a minute sleep.
 But if you suspect it is coffee that keeps you awake, the way to check on it is to drink
 postum instead.
 You see, postum contains no stimulants, nothing that could possibly rob you of sleep.
 So it stands to reason if coffee is the cause of your sleeplessness, switching to postum
 will settle the point. Now why not try it? Drink fragrant flavor for post-em
 instead of coffee. Give it a fair trial, say for two short weeks, and see if you
 don't honestly enjoy good sound sleep again, and along with that, see what a
 perfectly swell mealtime drink delicious tempting post-em really is.
 There's an old saying that claims you're young only once, but you can prolong that
 youth, and the best way to do that is to share the experiences of Henry Aldrich.
 He'll take you right back to your own teenage days
 Tonight Henry is visiting Nancy Adams one of his favorite classmates
 Nancy tell me honestly. What is it you like about Bill Turner? I don't know Henry. I just like him. Don't you sure?
 I guess Bill's all right. That's a loud Henry. I hear you
 How would he hear me he's out in the front hole and I like him only hey Nancy
 Oh, she was I ever tell you about the time I dove off the top of the boat house
 I didn't even know anybody could climb up that high.
 Oh, it's easy.
 You know that flagpole down at the end of the lake?
 Yes.
 Oh, I dove off that one.
 Nancy, how's your mother?
 She's better, Henry.
 She just strained her back a little.
 Boy, that was some luck I had in the game Saturday.
 Boy, remember when those three guys tackled me
 and I carried them right across the goal line for a touchdown?
 That was just wonderful, Bill.
 I don't see how you stood up.
 Nancy, what make radio is this?
 I don't know my father bought it.
 father bought it. You know Nancy when I pull those three fellas across. Yeah. I heard a
 good radio program the other day. It was about a milkman. Boy was it funny. Yeah go on.
 Well it was just awful funny. Boy I darn near left my head off. Yeah. Henry could you
 You are Bill open this window a little please.
 Sure, well I'm not.
 Wait a minute Henry, I'll open it.
 Well that's alright Bill, I've got it practically.
 Practically.
 Huh, is it stuck a little Henry?
 No it isn't stuck, I just...
 Could you stand back please Bill?
 How am I in the way?
 I want to get my elbows out.
 I'll add a little further.
 Here let me show you how to open it.
 Now look out Bill, all I have to do is...
 Nancy would you mind if I push this sofa away?
 No Henry.
 Don't get up, I'll push you along.
 A lot.
 She was who opened that window.
 I did.
 You know I thought I had it started.
 I just should have kept at it.
 Anything else you want done Nancy?
 Well listen Gingerail out in the kitchen if one of you wants to.
 She was all get it for you Nancy.
 You stay right where you are Bill.
 Sure you don't need any help lifting the bottles.
 Now Bill.
 You'll find everything out there on a tray Henry.
 All you have to do is put some ice in the glasses.
 I'll be right back.
 Listen Nancy, what do we have to have him around for?
 But I like Henry.
 What do you suppose that is?
 Well, I don't know. Nancy, isn't there any way of getting rid of him?
 This evening?
 What does he ever say?
 Bill.
 My goodness, Henry Aldrich is one of the nicest people I've...
 Excuse me, Nancy, but is there any special way of getting your ice trays loose?
 Well, my mother never has any trouble. All she does is pull and they come right out.
 Oh, isn't that strange? I'll be right back.
 Nice guy. I'd like to see him come out for football practice some afternoon.
 Bill, you just don't understand, Henry.
 No. Say about the dance Friday night.
 What about it?
 What time shall I...
 What time shall I...
 You know, he's gonna wreck your refrigerator.
 What time shall I call for you?
 All about...
 [ [BANGING]
 Oh!
 Nancy!
 Yes, Mother?
 I don't believe Ray's football down there.
 No, Mother. Henry's getting some ice.
 I'll pick everything up, Nancy.
 Does your mother have a good big screwdriver?
 Henry, what is that all over your coast?
 Why, you're...
 I'm pretty sure it's tomatoes juice.
 Get out of the way.
 Come on, Nancy. I'll get the ice out.
 I think you'll want something to get it loose with, Bill.
 What's the matter with my hands?
 Well, be careful where you walk.
 Henry, oh, do I--
 Well, I didn't know that wire basket would come all the way out.
 What did you want to take it out for?
 So I could spread my elbows.
 Yeah.
 Here, Nancy. Well, one tray of ice be enough for you.
 Gee, had I loosened it that much?
 Nancy, you know what we were just saying about Henry in the living room?
 What?
 Well, don't you remember?
 Now Bill, you know Nancy I think I better be going.
 Is there a way Henry?
 Well I've got a lot of homework to do and I think I better.
 Oh.
 So long Henry.
 So long.
 Well, so long Nancy.
 Bye.
 What time will I be calling for you Friday evening?
 Friday evening?
 Sure for the dance.
 Henry I didn't promise to go with you did I?
 Why sure?
 Why sure?
 You didn't?
 I don't see how I could have. I'm going with Bill.
 Oh. With Bill?
 Well, I'm terribly sorry, Henry.
 I guess you just must have misunderstood me.
 I'll go to the door with you.
 No. You go back and have your ginger ale.
 I can find my way all right.
 Well, I hope you understand, Henry.
 You and Bill just go ahead and start your drinking.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Sam, could you pass the toast please?
 There you are.
 Why didn't he go?
 Well dear, that's what I don't know.
 You remember the other evening when Henry came home from Nancy Adams?
 When?
 Last week, dear.
 A couple of nights before the dance.
 He walked into the house and went right straight up to his room and it didn't come down again all evening
 And Sam Henry hasn't been himself since then. Did you have a talk with him?
 Yes, and all he'd say was he felt dancing was a waste of time
 Mary come in here and eat your breakfast
 Henry's doing upstairs
 What is he doing? He's putting on his best suit again, and that's the fourth day in a row
 He's wanted to school. Well dear Henry explained all about why he had to wear his best suit. Is this male for me?
 Yes, dear.
 Why does he have to wear it?
 Well, he says the class may have their picture taken any day this month,
 and they just aren't sure which day it's going to be.
 And so he wants to be prepared.
 Well, my goodness, what's this letter all about?
 What letter?
 Certainly the most absurd thing I've ever seen.
 It must be for father.
 May I see it, please?
 Who is it, from, Sam?
 From the National Institute of Muscular Development, Incorporated.
 Dear Mr. Ulrich, are you a man or a mouse?
 I knew all the time, it wasn't for me, Father.
 Yes. Are you a man or a mouse? We assume it is the former, otherwise we would not have received your recent inquiry.
 No man can make his mark in the world, no man can inspire the love of a good woman, unless he is willing to develop his inner potential strength and enroll in our 26-week course.
 Sam, what in the world are you reading?
 I don't know, Alice, but I'm fascinated.
 In case you do not care to sign for the full 26 weeks,
 we can offer a shorter course for the busy executive
 who is interested in only partial development.
 Remember, decide now.
 Sam, when did you write for that?
 May I see the envelope in which this arrives?
 It's right here, Father.
 Oh, my goodness, it's addressed to Mr. Harold, Aldrich.
 Who's he?
 I have no idea.
 But he's a man or a mouse.
 Well, put the letter in the envelope, please. It's probably for Henry.
 Mother, why would he want to develop?
 I don't know, dear. And besides, it's none of our business. Please put it back in the envelope.
 Well, well, I think I walked to the office this morning.
 Well, Sam, you haven't walked to the office in six years.
 Of course I have. I walked a couple of times just this last summer. It made me feel great.
 I'll go get your coat for you, Father.
 A coat? A coat? Why would I want a coat?
 Well, I can leap get your hat for you.
 Goodbye, Alice.
 - Are you leaving? - Goodbye, child.
 Goodbye. Mother, do you have any ideas to where my best tie is?
 Your best tie? No, dear. Sit down and eat your breakfast.
 But, Mother, I've got to find it.
 There'll be plenty of time to find it after you've eaten.
 Now, please sit down. I want to ask you something.
 What about?
 What in the world is the trouble?
 The trouble? The trouble? Do you think I don't know of any trouble?
 But you want yourself, dear. When anyone speaks to you, you're way up in the air.
 I'm not up in the air, Mother. I may be a little upset this morning
 this morning because I can't find my blue and white tie, but otherwise I feel fine.
 Then why not eat your breakfast?
 I'm going to eat.
 I'm going to eat.
 How's Nancy Adams these days?
 Nancy Adams' mother.
 Well, I asked, is how is she?
 You see this book here, mother?
 You see this book?
 Yeah.
 Well, that gives you an idea of how little interested I am in her.
 What about it?
 I borrowed it from her two weeks ago.
 Well.
 And now I'm returning it.
 That's fine.
 I'm returning it.
 I'm returning it.
 But that's all.
 I go.
 Would you like some butter on your toes?
 No, thank you.
 I'll have you know this mother.
 She asks me whether I'd like to keep it and finish it.
 I'll tell her I'm not even slightly interested.
 That's fine, dear.
 Now drink your milk.
 And do you know what else?
 What?
 That's all right.
 Never mind.
 But if her folks can't afford a better ice box
 than the one they have, do you like Bill Turner?
 Bill Turner.
 I hardly know him.
 Gee, he's got a lot to learn.
 He just goes around.
 Do you know what he says?
 Henry.
 What's your ambition in life?
 My ambition, Mary, what do you mean?
 That's all.
 I just wondered whether you wanted to be a man or a mom.
 Now listen, Mary, I haven't any time for a small talk.
 Have you seen my blue and white tie?
 No, but I'd love to see your chest expansion.
 Now, Mary, that's what I say, Mother.
 But, Mother, all I was going to ask him was,
 is he going to take the short course of the 26-week course?
 Of what?
 Mary, will you please give Henry that letter?
 What letter?
 I don't think it's for you, though, Henry.
 You certainly didn't write to the National Institute
 of Muscular Development Incorporated, did you?
 Yes.
 No.
 Yes.
 Listen, Mary, where did you get that letter?
 You just said it wasn't yours.
 Now listen, Mary, that's United States, Mary.
 Mary, mother, it says right here on the envelope.
 Maybe open for inspection.
 Mary, give me that letter.
 Are you Mr. Harold Aldrich?
 No, yes, no.
 Now listen, Mary, you come back with that.
 Children, stay out of the living room.
 We won't break anything.
 I'm just helping Henry develop.
 Now listen, Mary, you're only going to make me late for school.
 Do you want to take a video to show to Nancy Adda?
 Mary, if you breathe one word about that to her, I'll--
 Mary! Mary, come back down here with that!
 Is there a class in this room next period, Homer?
 Sure.
 Why are all those questions you're filling out, Henry?
 Nothing, Homer. Nothing important.
 It's just some information I've got to send away.
 Could you measure my calf once more, please?
 It's pretty hard with this ruler.
 Well, just go around me real slow.
 It's...
 14 exactly.
 14 for my calf?
 Gee, was my ankle was 14 too?
 It was?
 Yes, Homer, and I don't want to mislead anyone.
 I don't want them to send me...
 Listen, Henry, what is it you're sending for?
 Nothing, Homer.
 Gee, why would I...
 whether Nancy Adams has a class here next period.
 - I thought you were ignoring her.
 - I am.
 That's why I'm waiting to return this book.
 When I give her this back, it's going to end everything.
 - Well, let me see that letter just for a second.
 Will you please?
 - No, Homer.
 - What is this question at the bottom mean?
 - What question?
 - Do you have flat feet?
 And you wrote in yes.
 - Now listen, Homer.
 - Well, what did it say then?
 - Keep quiet, Homer.
 Miss Watson just came into the room.
 - Miss Watson.
 - Well, boy, you certainly look busy.
 - We are Miss Watson.
 You working on your biology?
 Well, in a way we are.
 Well, isn't that fine?
 You know, we're going to start working on mice next week.
 We are?
 On mice?
 Yes.
 We're going to compare their development with that of man.
 What's that?
 Come on, Henry.
 That's the end of the period, and there's a class coming in.
 Hello, Henry.
 What are you doing in here?
 Well, I'll tell you, Nancy.
 I've been waiting.
 I've been filling out--
 Henry, you're getting ink all over yourself.
 I am?
 Well Nancy, I just wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed this book.
 Well I'm awfully glad you returned to Henry Cudd. Bill Turner's anxious to read it.
 He is?
 Are you sure you threw it with it?
 Oh yes.
 After all, even if I weren't through with him, well naturally, if Bill wants to read it...
 Where have you been for the last week?
 Just around. Just around.
 Hey Henry, come on!
 You go on ahead Homer, I may be held up here a second.
 Quietly!
 You better go Henry.
 I just wanted to tell you though how much I enjoyed your book.
 Henry Aldrich, don't you and Homer Brown have a class this period?
 Yes, Ms. Watson, I'm on my way right this minute.
 Bye, Henry.
 Goodbye.
 Henry, let me have a look at that letter, will ya?
 What letter?
 About your flat feet.
 Now, Homer.
 Listen, Homer, where is that letter?
 I haven't got it.
 But, Homer, I put it in this English book.
 I put it in this English.
 You suppose I put it in Nancy's book?
 Why would you do that?
 I didn't know I did.
 I was talking to her and I just stuck it in there.
 Well, come on, you can't go back now.
 Oh my, I gotta get that letter.
 Why?
 My name's on it.
 Do you think I want a thing like that
 to be read publicly by Nancy?
 Well, you certainly can't get it now, Henry.
 Maybe they haven't started yet.
 Well, I'm not going in with you.
 I don't want that whole class to look at me.
 Keep quiet, Homer.
 Will you all get it out your pencils, please?
 [GRUNTS]
 Miss Watson, I'm sorry to interrupt your lesson like this,
 but I just returned Nancy to a book.
 I mean, Nancy's desk has something in it I'd like.
 I want.
 I mean, need.
 Is it anything you can't do without the rest of the period?
 Yes ma'am, I have to have it.
 Well, if it won't take more than a second, you may go to a desk and get it.
 Thank you, Ms. Watson.
 In the meantime, will all of you be copying what is on the board here?
 Nancy.
 Henry, what on earth is it you want?
 I'd like to borrow that book again.
 Henry didn't have to come all the way back into the class and embarrass me.
 But I just happened to remember.
 I haven't finished it.
 I thought you had finished it.
 So did I, and so I got out.
 Yes, Ms. Watson.
 Here, Henry.
 Thanks.
 Henry, may I ask good books?
 That is.
 This book?
 I just got from Nancy.
 Yes.
 Well, it's just a book.
 What is the title?
 Murder on the third floor.
 That is the book you were in so much of a hurry to get.
 Well, I'll tell you.
 It isn't the murder I'm so angry.
 May I have the book, please?
 The whole book?
 The whole book.
 Well, couldn't I just...
 Please do not open it.
 No?
 May I have it, please?
 And I should like to see Nancy Adams immediately after class.
 But Miss Watson...
 Please leave the classroom.
 Yes, Miss Watson. I'll go.
 Well, Henry may be a man, but it's easy to see how he'd feel like a mouse if that letter gets around.
 So let's hope that it doesn't, and if you will, turn to something that should get around, something that all of you should know about.
 You really owe it to yourself and to your family to find out what a swell treat it is to enjoy a good hot cup of postum with your meals.
 For I can promise you if you haven't tried postum, you have a very pleasant surprise in store.
 because postum really hits the spot, sugar and cream with
 who suit your taste, and you have a cup of pleasure
 overflowing with goodness.
 The goodness of postums inviting a aroma
 and irresistible flavor.
 Just don't expect postum to taste like coffee anymore
 than you'd expect coffee to taste like tea.
 For naturally, postum is different,
 and it's that very distinctiveness of flavor
 that gives postum its special delightful appeal.
 Yes, folks, is a good hot meal time drink for all the family,
 for even the youngsters at the table.
 You'll agree that no drink is quite so good as Postam.
 So fill everyone's cup with it and see if I'm not right in saying,
 it's flavor that puts the "Mm" in Postam.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich, Henry has decided that he needs a course in physical development.
 After filling out the rather intimate questions on the application blank,
 He discovers that he has left the blank in a book belonging to Nancy Adams.
 The scene opens in Henry's school at the close of the period.
 Listen, Henry, this will make two classes I've missed just because of you.
 Homer, all you have to do is just walk into Miss Watson's classroom, pick up Nancy's book,
 and walk out with it.
 Are you sure Miss Watson isn't in there?
 No one's in there.
 There isn't a soul in there.
 Why don't you go in and get it?
 Well, gee whiz, Homer, I was going to stand here in the doorway and keep watch for you.
 Well, if anyone does come along, Henry, don't speak. Just clear your throat.
 Sure, I'll just sort of cough.
 Okay. Nobody's coming, Homer.
 That's it. Just walk right along as though you own the place.
 Which book is it on to take?
 The one your hand is on.
 This isn't it?
 Well, it must be there, Homer.
 Well, come here and show it to me.
 All right. Wait a second. I'll close the door, partway.
 If it was here, it would be here.
 Homer, I'm almost positive Miss Watson didn't take it with her.
 All right, show it to me.
 Well, gee, was it a book with a blue cover?
 A blue cover? Blue?
 Yes, I will.
 Henry, someone's out in the hall.
 Well, I'm glad you were.
 Quick, Homer, we're all we done.
 Get down here beside her desk.
 Did they come in, Henry?
 No, they just closed the door.
 She was a locked it.
 They locked it.
 You mean we're locked in and I can't get to solid geometry?
 Well, at least they didn't see us, Homer.
 But Henry, I'm weak and geometric as it is.
 Well, all we have to do is climb out that window, Homer.
 Well, what good will that do? We're way up on the third floor!
 Nancy, could you take these keys down to the main office, please?
 Yes, Miss Watson.
 And Nancy, if you are quite sure you won't let this book interfere with your studies anymore, you may have it.
 Yes, Miss Watson.
 After all, Henry Aldrich has much more important things to attend to in school than reading mystery stories.
 Yes, Miss Watson.
 He's a very nice boy, Nancy.
 At least he has his good points.
 But I do wish you'd become more interested in someone who takes things just a bit more seriously.
 Be careful, Homer.
 Do you want to knock me off this fire, Skyn?
 She was Henry, we've got to get off of here somehow.
 Sure, and I suppose you want to go down to the bottom and jump.
 Don't you realize this fire escape goes right past first and second floor classroom?
 He's quiet, Henry.
 Suppose somebody should come back in the Miss Watson's room.
 Let's close the window we came through.
 Then if anyone does, they won't hear us.
 Easy now, Henry.
 I'm being quiet.
 That's it, make all the noise you can.
 Homer, all we have to do now is go up the fire escape to the roof.
 And then what?
 Well, it's bound to lead to something, Homer.
 Come on, have you got Nancy's book?
 Sure, here take it.
 Is my letter in it?
 I don't know.
 Hey, Homer, what'd you take this for?
 Why?
 This isn't Nancy's book.
 Gee whiz, it's Miss Watson's report book.
 Her report book?
 What made you think my letter would be inside that?
 He said blue, so I grabbed blue.
 Well, you should have looked, Homer.
 If we get caught with that, we could even be expelled.
 Just for having a report book?
 Sure.
 Well, you can be the one that takes it back, Henry.
 I'll take it back, Homer.
 All I have to do is open the window again.
 Be sure no one's in there, Henry.
 No one's in there.
 She whiz.
 All you have to do is lift, Henry.
 I am lifting.
 Get away so I can spread my elbows.
 Does it open?
 Let me try once more.
 Well, what's the matter, Henry? You weak.
 She whiz, maybe I do, Nick.
 Wouldn't you think I could at least open a window when it's an emergency?
 You're certainly in the nice fix.
 Nice fix. You've got Miss Watson's reports and Nancy's got your measurements.
 Sure, and probably by this time Nancy's read the whole thing. Come on, pull Homer.
 Boys! Boys, what are you doing up there?
 Who is it, Henry?
 What are you doing up there?
 Mr. Bradley, he's down in the courtyard.
 Boys!
 Why? Why, we're just trying to open a window.
 Don't you know the rules about going out on the fire escape?
 Are there any special rules, Mr. Bradley?
 What are your names?
 Why I'm Henry Aldridge. Oh, Homer Brown
 Henry and Homer all rich and brown yes, sir
 Will you please report in my office at once yes, sir?
 How would you like to have us get there?
 Any way you can't well the only trouble is mr. Bradley that nothing will get down
 (music)
 Hey Nancy, wait Nancy!
 I've got to go to class Bill.
 What's that book you've got?
 Murder on the third floor.
 Let me read it, will you?
 Henry Olderch hasn't finished it yet Bill.
 But I've got a study period and I've got to have something to read.
 Bill, turn it you give me that book!
 I won't hurt it!
 Bill, let me have it! Please Bill!
 Bill, bring it here!
 [Music]
 And now then, class, the first question is, what is the comparative?
 The comparative?
 You get the window open, Henry?
 Sure.
 May I ask what this means?
 Oh, excuse me, Mr. Van Wie.
 Do you realize you literally are breaking into a Latin class?
 But this is the only one on the fire escape we could get open.
 And Mr. Bradley wants us right away, we think.
 Well, get out of the room quickly to can, please.
 Yes, sir. Now then, plaz, what is the comparative of bonus?
 - Oh, me? - No!
 About how long have you been a student in this school, young man?
 About three years, Mr. Bradley.
 And these are the young men?
 About three and a half, Mr. Bradley.
 Well, that wasn't an account of the mums right on top of the measles.
 I see.
 Then you both know those fire escapes were placed on this building for emergency use only.
 Well, the fact is, Mr. Bradley.
 Mr. Bradley, I have some papers here that were just picked up in the third floor hall.
 What are they?
 Well, they seem to be some sort of a physical education report.
 Uh, just post them on the bulletin board, please.
 Well, Ms. Shea, could I...
 Could you...
 Is that by any chance my paper?
 Yours.
 Yes, ma'am, it might be mine.
 How much do you weigh?
 132 pound. Well, this is not yours.
 Well, have any others been picked up lately? I mean, around 132.
 They have not.
 Homer, must you lean on my desk?
 Oh, no, sir. Excuse me. I thought you were through with us.
 I don't know what gave you that impression.
 Excuse me, but could I interrupt you, Mr. Bradley?
 You're a built-turner, aren't you?
 Yes, sir. I'm the one that carried three men over our gold Saturday.
 What were you sending here for?
 Well, I don't suppose I should have been reading this book during study hour, Mr. Bradley.
 What's the title?
 Murder on the third floor.
 Murder?
 Well, G.
 Well...
 Henry?
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 What do you think of a boy who would spend his time reading a book like that?
 Well, I guess it's pretty bad, Mr. Bradley.
 That's what I say.
 Do you know what I think all three of you boys need?
 No, sir.
 Suppose you wait here, all of you?
 Wait here, all of you.
 Well, I step out and get your records.
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 Well, Henry, you aren't worried about anything, are you?
 Listen, Bill, could I borrow that book a second?
 Nancy's book?
 All I want to do is take it for one second.
 What for?
 I just want to--
 Bill, can't you even let me look at it?
 Keep your hands off it.
 Look what fell out of it.
 There's your letter right on the floor.
 Oh, Gee whiz.
 Hey, Bill Turner, you take your foot off that.
 You make me.
 Do you hear me?
 Take your foot off that letter.
 Henry, somebody's coming.
 I don't care.
 Mr. Bradley, Mr.
 - She whizzed Henry. - Hello Nancy.
 - Close the door.
 - Let go of my leg.
 - You lift your leg, do you hear me?
 Lift it.
 - Boy stop it.
 - Lift his leg Henry.
 - She whizzed.
 - Hey Bill, quit your twisting my head off.
 - Yeah.
 - Bill Turner, you stop that.
 - Don't you, Bill.
 There.
 - Henry.
 - She, Henry.
 Did you knock him out?
 - Oh boy.
 - She, you lifted him right off the floor.
 - Hey, what hit me?
 He's all right, Henry. Pick him up before Mr. Bradley comes in.
 Come on, Homer. Let's lift him onto the couch.
 Listen, Aldrich. What did you hit me with?
 I just used my bare hands, didn't I, Nancy?
 Well, then, young man. Turn up.
 Does anyone invite you to lie down on that couch?
 No, Mr. Bradley.
 I'll help him up, Mr. Bradley.
 Don't you think he can get up himself?
 - Well... - I'm up.
 Well, young lady.
 Let's watch an athlete to bring her keys down here.
 Thank you. Turn up. Here's what I want you to do.
 I want you to spend a part of each lunch hour for the next ten days,
 picking up the papers in the halls of this building.
 On all three floors?
 On all three floors.
 And as...
 How did Miss Watson's report book get here on my desk?
 On your desk, Mr. Bradley?
 Nancy, will you see that she gets it?
 Yes, sir.
 Orich and Brown.
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 Orich!
 What is that you're tearing up?
 Why, it's just a sort of a letter that I've decided I won't need to send away.
 It so happens that the gym instructor needs a couple of huskies,
 such as you two to go down each afternoon and help him move the steel lockers move
 them yes aren't there a couple of hundred mr bradley there are more than a
 couple of hundred it will take every afternoon for the next two weeks well gee
 with that's all right Homer the exercise will do us good
 [Music]
 Henry Aldrich will be back in just a moment.
 In the meantime, remember there are two big reasons why you like Postam.
 You like it if coffee keeps you awake, and you'll love it as a good hot meal time drink that all the family can and will enjoy.
 I want to ask your grocer for a post-dom.
 (dramatic music)
 - Henry, you suppose you could open the window, please?
 - Sure.
 - Here, I'll pull on one end with you.
 - She was, I don't need any help, Nancy.
 Do you think I'm a weakling?
 - Oh boy.
 (dramatic music)
 Listen again next week to the Aldrich family, same time, same station for another sparkling
 half hour with your favorite youngster, his family, and his pals.
 The Aldrich family starring as Rustone is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
 This is Harry Vanzel saying, "You will enjoy fragrant, flavorful postum.
 And remember, postum contains no stimulants.
 It cannot keep you awake."
 Good night.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (applause)
 (buzzing)
