 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Audrey!
 Coming, mother!
 [applause]
 [music]
 [applause]
 [music]
 [applause]
 [music]
 [applause]
 The Aldrich family, written by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry Aldrich,
 brought to you by the Puddings and our Tops in Tates,
 Jello pudding. Do you remember when you were in your teens? Well, when you listened to Henry
 Aldrich and his pals we think you sort of be able to detect a little of yourself
 or Henry Aldrich is a typical American boy from a typical American family just
 listen and see if I'm not right it's six thirty in centerville and the scene
 opens with Henry taking dinner at the home of his pal busy Steven Mr.
 Stevens could I trouble you for the bread please oh yeah certainly Henry she was I
 I almost took two slices.
 Well, wouldn't you like to take two?
 No, thank you. Never take more than one at a time.
 Why only one, Henry?
 My mother has asked me not to, does he?
 Basil.
 Yes, father.
 Supposing you put back three of the four slices you took?
 Yes, sir.
 And eat your broccoli.
 Father, I don't like broccoli.
 You aren't supposed to like it. Just eat it.
 The only way I can make broccoli good down is with bread.
 Mrs. Stevens, I'm very sorry to interrupt you, but could I have a second helping of broccoli
 good?
 Of course.
 Now that's the way I like to see a young man eat.
 Thank you, Mrs. Stevens.
 I just wish Basil had such nice table manners.
 I do, Mother, when I'm busy.
 Oh, yes.
 But when I'm home, I like to relax.
 And the only reason Henry is eating broccoli is so we can take Geraldine to the dance Saturday
 night.
 Go to the dance with them unless you eat broccoli.
 She won't be able to.
 I see.
 That Mr. Stevens is why I have to have the typewriter.
 The what?
 The typewriter.
 But I'm not worried.
 I'm almost positive I can get it.
 If I can only get the sleeping bag I need.
 A sleeping bag?
 Kind of a dance is this, Henry, a masquerade?
 Oh no, it's just a dance.
 But before you can go to it, you have to eat broccoli
 and get a typewriter and a sleeping bag.
 Yes, sir. There's just one drawback. I can't get the bag if I don't pass my mathematics.
 Molly, may I have this all, please?
 Don't you understand, Father?
 That's why Henry has to win the cross-country race.
 Perfectly clear.
 Mrs. Stevens, do you understand?
 Well, it's entirely.
 There's just one point I missed.
 Which one was that?
 I don't know.
 I'll explain it to you again, Father.
 Eat your broccoli.
 Yes, sir. Mr. Stevens, I'm going to run an across-country race for Central High.
 And our track coach is my math teacher. That's why I have to win, or I don't pass my math.
 In which case you will or you won't need a sleeping bag.
 I will.
 Thank, will you have some more potatoes?
 I've lost my appetite.
 Didn't I tell you, Henry, you're too hard to understand?
 Father, if he doesn't pass in his math, his father won't give him his old sleeping bag.
 is that a punishment? If he doesn't give it to me, I won't be able to swap it for
 shorty woods as typewriter. In which case? In which case what Mr. Stevens? It's a
 field is choice. See the dance committee needs a typewriter and if I get the one
 they'll give me four tickets free. Oh well I'm glad you're that's true. Yeah and
 that's the only reason why Henry is eating his broccoli. My whole future depends on
 winning that race. That would be putting it mildly. Could I have some more please?
 Are you sure you're not eating too much there? Don't discourage him,
 Mother. I have just as much a steak on his winning as he has. Hey, Molly, don't ask
 Basel why. Well, it's just because... Well, it's just because... You don't want to know.
 But I want to... Yes, Mother. Would you like to have me tell you, Mrs. Stevens? No,
 Well then could I have a little more of everything please?
 One, two, three, four, one, two.
 Let your knees high and we'll have to run like this even in a cross-country run, don't you want to develop?
 You want to develop?
 But this is going to over develop me.
 One, two, three.
 Hiya.
 I've hit my chin.
 Dad.
 Wait a minute.
 Wait a minute, Henry.
 Basil?
 Are you in heavy upstairs?
 Yes, Mother.
 What are you doing?
 We're just talking a little something over.
 Well, is that noise you're making while you're talking necessary?
 I'm developing Henry.
 Why can't you develop him outdoors?
 It's raining.
 It's raining and besides if Henry would run on his toes as he should you wouldn't even hear him.
 Well, please ask him to.
 Get up Henry and start again.
 I'm quitting.
 You mustn't sit down Henry. Do you want to step him?
 I ate too much broccoli, does he?
 Besides, I don't think I'll ever be able to make time in your father's golf shoes.
 Why not?
 They weigh five pounds each.
 They've got spikes on the bottom.
 Sure they have. That's to give you a grip on the road.
 You want to go into a three and a half mile race slipping and sliding all over the course?
 I'm not in training anymore.
 So you don't want to go to the dance and take Geraldine.
 You don't even care whether you get the two tickets you promised to give me.
 No.
 Henry, do you realize what Middleton High did to us last year?
 The final score for the meet was 65 to nothing.
 But, Dizzy, why not leave our training and just let me go into the race fresh?
 Okay.
 Okay, if you know more about how to run them, I do.
 Okay then.
 Uh...
 Alright.
 What is it I have to do next?
 You have to run up and down the front stairs.
 But quietly.
 Were these shoes on?
 You will hate the stairs I spread newspapers on each step.
 I'm not gonna do it.
 Look, I'll go to the trouble of timing you with my watch.
 Come on, just five times down and five times up.
 Okay, five times but no more.
 Okay, get on your mark, Henry.
 Yeah, and remember the old toes.
 Keep up on my toes.
 You're going down?
 It'll strengthen them.
 Oh, get on your mark.
 Yeah, get set.
 Go.
 What's the matter, Henry?
 There's one step there that doesn't have a piece of paper on it.
 Well, skip that one.
 Come on, get on your mark.
 Get set.
 Go.
 I'm off.
 Come on, Henry.
 Let her out.
 Come on, let's see what you can do.
 Now, come on, back up.
 Middleton's right behind you.
 She's posing in on you.
 She's gaining.
 You're crazy as to! Now stop down again!
 I know! What's going on here?
 Little town's starting to pass 'em!
 Well, come down here!
 Oh, oh, oh! So my head!
 What is this?
 Can we now look what you've done to the spass?
 [Music]
 But father, I'm not asking you to get track shoes and track pants for me.
 I thought you were.
 Oh no, you'd really be getting them for Central High.
 I see.
 Mr. Always, you realize that last year every men on the Middletown High School team
 school team finished before any of ours did. Did they? And we certainly don't want to
 thing like that to repeat itself. Gee, after all, a thing like that involves
 everybody in town. Everybody's pride is hurt. I see.
 Perhaps I could get the Chamber of Commerce to buy Henry's outfit.
 Well, I'll certainly be handicapped if I have to run in any old thing.
 If worse came to worse, Mr. Orwood, you'll be willing to buy Henry just ordinary
 sneakers. Didn't Henry tell you why I can't buy
 Henry, if I were you, I wouldn't
 swing those Indian clubs here in the living room.
 Yes, Father, I didn't even realize I was.
 You're not to swing them in this house.
 No, Father.
 Henry, which way has your father decided
 regarding the other question?
 I've decided he may have neither shoes nor a suit.
 I'm quite sure Henry understands why.
 Did you disobey your father, Henry?
 You were playing catch right out in front of a house.
 Weren't you, son?
 Yes, sir.
 And I told you that if you didn't go,
 Some other place should have an accident, didn't I?
 Yes, sir.
 Well, then.
 What happened, Henry?
 The ball went through this living room window.
 Yes.
 And father was sitting right beside it.
 Oh.
 Father, I know I should be punished, but
 think of how I'll feel when I have to tell them at school.
 Henry, let's not mention the subject again.
 She was what's all that doing?
 Now, sir, I know.
 Well, it's something...
 Now, here I go, Ben.
 I know I've got the windows, I'm having a rally for the fact that it's tomorrow.
 Come on, let's go up.
 You go, Jesse, I'm going to stay here.
 There goes Paul, how can you think I want him to see me?
 Which is more important, son.
 Winning that race tomorrow or building some character in the year to come?
 I suppose building some character.
 Mr. Orr, do you know if it would help me in the year 35 cents, I'd be willing to put towards a parish use.
 It's not a question of money.
 Well, Henry, why aren't you in busy out with the crowd?
 Why should I mother father doesn't care whether I win or not Henry that isn't exactly fair is this still about track shoes?
 Yes, mother. What do you think about it? I agree entirely with your father. You do mother. I'm sorry
 Come on, does he let's go upstairs? I guess the only thing to do Henry is train all the heart
 I've trained to the breaking point as it is
 Sam well, I couldn't be let Henry get what he needs after we've told him he can't but Sam
 You've always wanted Henry to go in for our sledding.
 Well, he may still go in, but he must also learn to obey.
 But he always does obey.
 Oh, every boy his age forgets now and then, dear.
 Very well, supposing we let him get some shoes and pants.
 How are we going to take faith?
 Oh, we can make out that came from Aunt Harriet or someone.
 I'm not so sure, Alice, we should do it.
 Name one time Henry has recently deliberately disobeyed you.
 When he threw that ball through the window.
 Oh, I mean one other time.
 What's that?
 It's an Indian club coming downstairs.
 Yes.
 Henry Orange.
 I didn't realize it was going to slip, Father.
 Didn't I ask you only five minutes ago not to swing those clubs in this house?
 Did that include the second floor?
 Is the second floor in this house?
 Yes.
 Is there any reason you can't train out on the porch?
 No, sir.
 What's the trouble, Henry?
 Come on down, Dizzy.
 Okay.
 What's the trouble, Henry?
 Come on down, Dizzy.
 OK.
 Does your father want to speak to me, too?
 Come on out onto the porch, Dizzy.
 Sam, may I speak with you in the living room?
 I certainly do.
 Mrs. Aldridge, were you speaking to me?
 No, Dizzy.
 I'm saying something to Mr. Aldridge.
 Oh, excuse me.
 Hey, Henry, wait.
 I'll go out with you.
 We can practice out here on the porch.
 You hear what I heard?
 Why?
 Your mother said something to your father
 that makes me think she's going to bring him around to your side.
 Yeah, I think he's gonna work on it.
 Boy, if you even get a pair of sneakers, you can't lose that race.
 Look, Tizzy, look in the window.
 Sure, they're talking it over. Your mother's even laughing.
 Gee, maybe it's all set.
 Come on, Henry, let's get back to work.
 Yeah, what do I do now?
 The whole routine.
 Raise your Indian clubs.
 Okay.
 Out straight.
 Begin.
 Two, three, four, one, two, three.
 - Oh gee, where's my club slipped?
 - Henry Ora!
 - I've gotta go home, Henry.
 Is anybody hurt, Father?
 - Not yet, but when you please come in the house.
 [Music]
 Well friends, it's just about time for Henry's High School and other high schools and colleges to hold their mid-year graduating exercises
 and award prizes for various scholastic attainments.
 And speaking of honors being presented, that reminds us of another honor being awarded every day in thousands of homes all over the country.
 It's an honor that might be presented in the following words.
 Ladies and gentlemen, for rich mellow flavor, for smooth, creamy goodness, and for all around satisfaction, we proudly present the award,
 The award, not of cum laude, magna cum laude, but summa cum laude to jello chocolate pudding.
 And we designate it most likely to succeed.
 As folks, jello chocolate pudding certainly does carry off top honors when it comes to real downright goodness.
 It's a swell luscious pudding, velvety smooth through and through, just the way a perfect pudding should be.
 And yellow chocolate pudding is simply unaccelled for rich chocolatey flavor.
 A chocolate flavor developed especially for Jell-O by the famous Walter Baker Company.
 So try this mellow treat real soon, won't you?
 You'll find that in your family too, they dessert most likely to succeed is Jell-O chocolate pudding.
 [Music]
 Now getting back to Henry Aldrich, Henry is to run for Central High in a cross-country race.
 Unfortunately, when we left him, he had neither track shoes nor a track suit.
 As we return we find him warming up at the starting line.
 Yeah! Yeah! Come on. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
 How are the shoes, Henry? Well, let's see you running them.
 Well, I'm glad your father let me borrow these golf shoes.
 I thought you said they were too big for you.
 I've got three pairs of socks on.
 How about using your own head?
 How do you feel, boy?
 I guess I never felt better in my life.
 Well, see that's a great idea of your wearing your swimming suit
 Dizzy that was for me the whole school's in fact of you it's up to you Henry don't worry about me
 Boy, did you hear Gwenlyn yell out like that?
 Did you see that Middleton team over there if I can't pass them I'm gonna give up running the main thing is do you understand?
 Where the course goes sure yeah, well where does it go?
 We start right here at Scott's corners and follow the main highway
 Intercentible till we come to the big four huh yeah
 Well, do you turn to the left or to the right to the left anyone knows that that's the shortest way in the town
 Okay, but remember you don't go to the right and listen Henry if you can't start right with a gun
 Remember this is a three and a half mile race if you can get a quick start you're in
 I thought you didn't want me to take the lead take it until you can jockey for position
 After that whole back say yeah save yourself. Oh sure and don't try to pass whoever grabs a lead
 It's a come on they always put a spritter in their purposely to tie here. Hello Henry. She was Geraldine
 I'm going up to the finish line Henry. Are we going to the dance tonight? Sure if I win this race and pass in my math
 I am and Geraldine will you promise to save all your dances for me? Oh Henry of course. I was all right. Who's calling me? All right?
 Come here.
 Oh, Gee, did you want me, Coach?
 Oh, you do.
 Oh, Gee, Coach, I could race 10 miles.
 Fine.
 Now, I'll tell you what I want you to do.
 Yes, Coach.
 Central is got to win, see?
 Yes, Coach.
 But you and Erwin Cooper are the only two I can spare for this race.
 Yes, Coach.
 And there will be six running against you from middle town.
 Yes, Coach.
 The whole thing is up to you.
 Yes, Coach.
 Now, here's the dope.
 Take the lead right at the start.
 Yes, Coach.
 Run those six boys from middle town right off their feet.
 Yes, Coach, and then when you shot everything you've got, Erwin Cooper has been holding back.
 We'll come forward and win the race.
 Yes, Coach.
 I don't win it?
 Well, after all, isn't this for the school?
 Yes, Coach.
 This isn't the time to ask it, but could you tell me if I passed my math exam?
 I'll let you know about that when the race is old.
 [whistle]
 Now?
 There's a two-minute signal.
 I'll go in there and give everything you've got.
 Okay, Coach, you see, with...
 Henry!
 What do you have, Mother?
 Don't you think you ought to be wearing a coat, dear?
 Mother, don't embarrass me.
 Good luck, son.
 Thanks, Father. Only I can't win the race.
 They aren't going to let me.
 If you see Geraldine, will you tell her?
 Oh, you'll win it.
 They don't want me to.
 Your mother and I are going to get in the car
 and drive on up the road away.
 Henry! Henry!
 What do you think has happened?
 Why?
 Everyone Cooper just turned his knee and he can't run.
 I mean I'm the only one running for a special ride.
 Well, where are you everyone?
 Popeyes can line up here.
 Oh, stay, stay, stay!
 Hey!
 You still want me to take the lead?
 Oh, do whatever you can.
 Just get him there and run.
 Yes, coach, sure.
 Line up, boys.
 Yay!
 Tickle!
 Tickle!
 Tickle!
 Oh, hey!
 Get on your mark!
 Hey!
 Get, cut!
 Kill him, Henry!
 What's happening?
 Henry, get on!
 Oh, my friend!
 I'm going to go on, honey. I'll follow you on my bicycle.
 I don't have to go fair with me, this thing.
 You're doing great, boy. I am? Yeah.
 Could you put on just a little steam?
 The six middles and guys have already rounded the turn.
 I'm holding back on purpose. Oh, that's using the old head.
 I've got it all figured out, sure.
 But don't you think you ought to run a little faster?
 Don't talk to me so much.
 Darn it all anyhow. What's the matter?
 My shoe string busting.
 What difference does that make?
 Come on, keep going, Henry.
 I can't run with my shoe half, or...
 There, I kicked it off.
 And now you're coming.
 Look up ahead, they're less than a quarter of a mile in the lead.
 I'll never be able to catch them in one shoe,
 but you've got that much less to carry than they have, haven't you?
 Yeah, but look, take the other one off and you won't have anything holding you back.
 Okay.
 Well, I...
 ...take it off.
 You'll keep your eye on Middletown.
 I'm watching them I won't let them get out of your sight all you have to do now
 are sprint alone you pass them in no time oh boy does that feel good watch me
 go oh aren't you glad you took them off Henry
 time at stone any hour when we got you got a run on gravel for the next two
 miles that's going to help there's the I'll never be able to catch up with them
 Well get over and earn him the ditch.
 Yeah, that's an idea.
 Oh gee whiz, why didn't you tell me there was water in here?
 Well get out.
 I'm certainly glad I wore my bathing suit.
 Look at them up ahead.
 I've got an idea Henry.
 You keep on running, say.
 Where are you going?
 I'm coming up in the back and say this baby, where are you going?
 [Music]
 Sam, how many have gone by so far?
 Six.
 How many are there in the race?
 Seven.
 Are you sure Henry wasn't one of the first to pass?
 I certainly haven't seen anyone go buy in a red bathing suit.
 Come over the coach is having him hold back.
 - Hold back. - Uh-huh.
 - Well, what's the sense in that? - Strategy, Alice.
 You save yourself till the finish and then you put on a burst of speed.
 Well, isn't that smart of Henry to think of it?
 Oh, here he comes at it. He's coming around the curve.
 - On a bicycle? - Oh, no, no. That's strange. That's dizzy.
 - Miss Aldrich! Miss Aldrich! - Miss Aldrich!
 Did he have something happened to Henry?
 He lost his shoes.
 What was that?
 He's roaming in the stocking's feet on gravel
 and Mr. Orbridge needs some sneakers.
 Well, we couldn't possibly get any sneakers now.
 Sure, we can get some.
 It's only a minute up to the store.
 Well, all right. Hurry up. Get in the car.
 Okay.
 Then I thought you said it was Roy and Henry's character
 if we buy shoes.
 Eric, Eric, Eric, just take of his arches.
 [SIREN WAILING]
 (music)
 Nothing that make a difference Henry.
 Henry, don't those shoes make a difference?
 Hey Henry!
 I can hear you.
 I can't speak.
 Put on the steam boy.
 Yeah.
 Let me get on your bicycle, would you?
 You're not gonna quit, are you?
 What's the use of my keeping on?
 The rest of it already finished and the crowd's probably going home.
 But, Henry, no matter how tired you may be, you should always finish your race.
 You've only got another quarter of a mile.
 I don't care whether I pass my math.
 I don't even care whether I take Gerald into the dance.
 But the one central high to go down in history is not finishing this race.
 Oh, I'll finish.
 But I hope there's nobody there to see me.
 Henry, Henry, run!
 Come on, Henry, run!
 What for?
 Get behind you!
 The Middleton guys!
 You're gonna be almost at the bottom of my house!
 How could they be?
 They must have taken the wrong fork!
 Run, Henry, run!
 He whizzed!
 Oh, I'll do all I can.
 Come on, Henry!
 They're gaining!
 Am I moving at all?
 You've only got 200 yards to go.
 Come on, let's win them up ahead, Henry.
 I can't see it.
 She's waving to you.
 I can't see it.
 Don't show me that way.
 We go towards the finish line.
 Oh, come on, everybody.
 On the core.
 How much water is it?
 60 yards.
 They're coming like wind.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Far from them here they come in.
 Give them the work.
 That's where the odds are behind you.
 Yeah.
 Henry, that's 10 yards.
 Come on.
 Henry, that's close again.
 Henry, that's right, the eye.
 They're right behind you!
 And you're fine!
 You're fine!
 Sam, I think this is the grandest idea you had.
 I had our dropping in for a few minutes and watching the young people dance.
 And there will probably be the hero of the ball.
 Oh, my goodness, has he been busy today?
 First he won that race and then after getting his mark in mathematics he had to exchange the sleeping bag you gave him for the typewriter
 so he could get the tickets and take Geraldine. I should think he'd be exhausted.
 Here we are. I'll open the door.
 Oh, thank you.
 Sam.
 Well...
 You don't suppose Henry's winning that cross-country race had anything to do with his getting 98 and mathematics do you?
 Why no no it couldn't have
 No Alice. I've decided that boy has character. Yes character as I'm really encouraged. Come on. Let's go into
 Mr. Mrs. Aldrich?
 Oh, yes, Shelby.
 Have you any idea where Henry could be?
 What do you mean there?
 Why he disappeared?
 Nobody can find him.
 What do you mean he disappeared?
 Well, he brought me to the dance and nobody seen him since.
 I haven't even danced with you.
 No.
 I've just been sitting and waiting and waiting.
 Then what are you supposed to have to happen?
 Hey, Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich.
 Hey, Dizzy.
 Dizzy, have you seen Henry?
 I've been trying to find him.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Maybe Middletown's kidnapper.
 Why?
 Boy, they were certainly very indignant when he won that race.
 I know who might know where he is.
 Who?
 The coach.
 He's down in the basement sneaking a smoke.
 Come on with me, Geraldine.
 Oh, I did.
 Will you come back and tell her?
 Look out for these stairs, Geraldine.
 Oh, did he?
 Do you think Middletell really has done anything to him?
 Come on around the landing here.
 If they've even touched them, we'll get them.
 Well, she lives.
 What's the matter?
 Do you see what I see?
 What?
 Henry! He's gone to sleep right here on the stairs.
 He's gone to sleep.
 Oh, so that's all he cared about bringing me.
 Hey, Henry.
 Don't wake him. I'm going upstairs.
 Hey, Henry!
 I'm going upstairs with any night, please.
 Henry, well, move over, Blam, tired too.
 [Music]
 Tomorrow night for dinner ladies and gentlemen, how about serving a dessert wonderfully easy to make?
 Yes and believe me mighty easy to take too.
 The dessert I'm thinking about, of course, is jello vanilla pudding.
 Served as is or mixed with bananas or any other fruits or nuts you may have, handy,
 jello vanilla pudding is a perfectly grand treat that the whole family will love,
 and they'll want to enjoy it again and again.
 It takes only a few brief moments to prepare.
 It's very simple and it's quite inexpensive.
 Yet few desserts, no matter how costly or complicated,
 can rival jello vanilla pudding for gratifying goodness.
 It has a flavor that is really swell,
 a rich delicate flavor that you'll find supreme for sheer satisfaction.
 So enjoy some jello vanilla pudding tomorrow,
 and try those other delicious jello puddings too.
 There are jello chocolate pudding and jello butterscotch pudding.
 You'll be delighted with their mellow creamy flavor,
 the flavor that has made jello puddings tops in taste.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 Did I tell you I'm going into partnership with another guy and buy a car?
 You don't say so yeah, here's the ad for it in the paper. It says
 Take your pick for $50
 Isn't that an ad for building luck no father look it says big sale these cars won't last much longer
 [Music]
 The oldest family starring as the film is listened by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
 This is the last program in the current series of "Alvrich Family Broadcast,"
 but Henry Aldrich will be back on the air on Sunday night June 23 in place of Jack Benny.
 So remember, all summer long, Henry Aldrich will come to you on Sunday evenings at the same time
 and on the same station you now hear Jack Benny.
 This is Harry Falwell speaking and wishing you good night for the puddings that are tops in taste.
 Jell-O pudding.
 [Music]
