 [Music]
 And now, Jello Pudding's present...
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 The Aldrich family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith,
 and sorry, as was shown as Henry with Jackie Countess Holberg,
 And here they are.
 Just a taste of jello puddings. And believe me, you will know
 They are made by famous J-E-L-L-O
 Yes, and more people eat jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world
 Because you never tasted anything better
 Jello chocolate, butter, scotch, and vanilla puddings
 A trio of treats, chock full of old-fashioned, homemade goodness
 Goodness try it see if you don't say that Jell-O-puttings are richer creamier
 More all-round delicious they're made with milk and nourishing and they cook to perfection in just about five minutes
 But the great thing about Jell-O-puttings is you never tasted anything better
 And now for the Aldrich family
 As summer arrives everybody makes plans for a change of scenery, but a teenage boy needs no such change
 for every new activity is impulsive mind touches on opens up new avenues toward trouble and excitement
 It's Saturday morning and the scene opens in the Aldrich front hall where Henry is on the telephone
 Is everything all set Homer?
 Sure, I hope you like mustard sandwiches.
 I love them.
 With a little chili sauce.
 Yeah?
 Are you bringing something to wash them down? Sure. There's water. Well, anyway once we get out to my corkos rocks
 We won't care if we eat or not. We won't. I'll get my bike and come right over. Look. Why don't I come over there?
 I want to get out of the house. Why? My mother's on the war path
 Boy, wouldn't you know she'd pick the first decent day this year to decide the garage had to be painted?
 She was there. She expect you to paint it? Well, she's working on my father right now
 But something tells me she'll be after me in a minute.
 You mean your father's putting up an argument?
 With my mother, don't be crazy.
 He's pretending he's asleep.
 Well, in that case, in that case you better get out quick.
 That's what I say. If I can just get past the breakfast dishes.
 Gee whiz, Homer. I don't know why it is every time I plan something with you,
 some member of your family tries to throw a monkey wrench into things.
 Well, get out, Henry. Don't worry. I'll be over there in five minutes.
 Well, okay.
 What's that, Mother?
 Hello, Henry.
 Yeah?
 I'll be right over.
 Just as soon as I bring in the washing.
 Listen, Homer, why do you let your family walk all over you like that?
 Gee, I don't know.
 Why don't you stick up for your rights?
 Sure.
 Okay.
 Sure.
 I'll be there as soon as I bring in the washing.
 Homer, I'm counting on you.
 Sure.
 So long.
 Goodbye.
 Yes, Mother?
 What are you doing, dear?
 Well, Jean, I'm not doing anything.
 Well, then please come out here and do the breakfast dishes.
 Well, mother, when I said I wasn't doing anything,
 I didn't mean I wasn't doing anything.
 I mean, Henry, don't stand up there and yell.
 I know, but--
 Henry!
 Father, is that you?
 It is.
 And Henry, do you see the package?
 Sure only, I thought you went to the office, Father.
 I started to, but Henry, wait until you step outside.
 What's outside?
 Somewhere, my boy, summer.
 The sun shining, the birds are singing.
 It's no day to sit in an office.
 Look here.
 Let me show you what I bought.
 Gee, Father, why?
 You'll see.
 You'll see.
 Um, seeds.
 Yes, sir.
 Vegetables, flowers, enough for a whole late planting.
 And I've got another surprise for you.
 You have?
 I'm going to turn this entire day over to the garden and to you.
 To me?
 I've been pretty busy this winter, son.
 I haven't been able to see as much of you as I would have like.
 I know, but I--
 You've got a remedy that.
 When I go to spend one grand day working in our garden.
 Today?
 Yes, sir.
 We'll put her around in the sunshine and catch up on each other's news.
 Maybe top the whole thing off with a soda at the Haven Drug Store.
 How's that sound?
 That sounds swell, Father.
 Only...
 Only what?
 Well, Homer and I...
 Well, Gee, if I had any idea you were planning on...
 You made some plans with Homer?
 Well, that's all right, son. I don't mind if Homer joins in.
 The only thing is...
 Yeah?
 Well, it's just that Homer was kind of looking forward to...
 to these other plans we've made.
 Oh, I see.
 Father, I...
 That's perfectly all right, Henry.
 Naturally, I wouldn't force you to spend the day with me.
 Father, I don't want you to thank...
 Please don't give it another thought. Just forget the whole thing.
 Gee.
 Gee, what kind of seeds have you got there anyway?
 Nothing at all, just the same old thing.
 But father I'd be very interested in seeing them.
 Henry Oldridge.
 I've never been so ashamed of you in my life.
 I just feel as though I've failed somewhere along the line as a mother.
 You mean you've been listening?
 Henry, do you realize that you spend practically 365 days a year with Homer Brown?
 That's right.
 And all that time your father is out working his fingers to the bone
 so he can feed and clothe you and give you a good education.
 See, mother, I didn't mean to hurt his feelings.
 Well, you did, dear.
 -Gee, what do you think I should do? -I'm sure I don't know.
 The whole thing is entirely in your own lap.
 Mother, where are you going?
 I'm going to leave you alone so you can think things over.
 Why, Sam, what are you doing out there?
 I'm sitting, Alex.
 Can't you find any place more comfortable than the stairs?
 I don't want to be comfortable.
 -No, Sam. -Allis, please go on with your housework.
 What are you going to do, dear?
 Well, I need to go to the office, so get a haircut.
 I haven't decided which.
 So I'll answer the phone.
 Thank you, Sam.
 Hello?
 Hello, Sam. This is Will Brown.
 Yes, Will.
 Look, I only have a minute while Elizabeth's talking to the milkman.
 You doing anything today?
 Not a thing.
 What do you say we run out to Fletcher's pond and get him some fishing?
 Well, I had planned on working in the garden, but...
 On a hot day like this, bring your back over a hole and shovel?
 Well when you could stretch out in the grass and watch the clouds roll by
 Well, you're 100% right. I don't know what I was thinking of. I'll be right over
 No, I'll come over there. Huh Elizabeth's got our garage on our mind and if I don't oh here she comes what's that?
 Yes, sir. Yes indeed mr. By all means I'll drop in a cheaper
 I'll drop in right away and we'll sign the contracts on that deal what goodbye?
 Well, well, what are you talking about?
 Yes, Henry.
 Father, I've been thinking it over in G. Let's go.
 Let's go where?
 Out to the garden.
 Oh, Henry, why don't we just leave the garden for some other day?
 G, Father, you don't have to pretend with me.
 Huh?
 Well, look at it this way.
 The sun's boiling hot.
 And the first thing you know, you're breaking your back over a hole.
 Well, of course, if you'd rather not.
 Oh, no, don't feel it.
 Well, I mean, naturally, what I want to do is work in the garden with you, of course.
 Well, then, I guess it's all settled.
 I guess.
 Yes, I guess it is.
 Listen Henry, why don't you come right out and tell your father.
 And break his heart home?
 She was.
 Are we going to have to spend the whole day planning your garden?
 Listen, Homer, can you casually look down at the other end of the garden without my father seeing you?
 Sure.
 What's he doing?
 seems to be having an argument of some kind with my father.
 Yeah?
 Listen, Henry, just tell me one thing.
 What?
 Do you really want to go out to Macquarkle's rocks with me?
 Because if you don't, just say so.
 I'll understand.
 Sure I do, Homer.
 Sure I do.
 But first, I have to think of some way to get my father occupied here.
 You'll be planning this row.
 But if I'm going to spend the day working, I might just as well be home, painting my
 garage.
 Painting your...
 Painting your...
 Homer.
 Why?
 Homer, you're a genius.
 Oh, Lee. Listen. Listen, I know how I can get my father to kick me out.
 Yeah, Gee, whiz how?
 Look at our garage, Homer. Isn't it a mess?
 Now that you mention it, sure.
 Well, all I have to do is get my father interested in painting it, and I'll be free.
 I don't follow you, him.
 Whenever he gets painting the garage, he always throws me out.
 That's one thing he'll never let me touch.
 Why would you want to?
 Why do you think?
 Because he won't let me.
 But, Henry, where are you going?
 To start the ball rolling.
 Bam, all you have to do is come right out and tell Henry.
 Tell me what, Father.
 Oh, well, nothing, Henry.
 Not a thing.
 How's the garden coming along?
 I'm just fine.
 How's your end?
 We're getting there.
 Well, look, Father.
 Have you happened to notice our garage recently?
 Isn't it a site?
 Why, uh--
 Don't you think it could use a coat of paint?
 Why, yes, Henry.
 That's an excellent idea.
 Look at it, Will.
 Isn't it a site?
 It looks all right to me.
 Will.
 What?
 You stay right here, Father.
 I'll go and get the paint. You do that, son. Sam, have you gone crazy? Look, Will, this is a chance to get away and go fishing.
 Yeah? For as long as I can remember, Henry's wanted to paint the garage and I've never let him touch it.
 Is that right? But today, Will, I'm going to let him paint the whole thing himself.
 No, I'm not busy, Elizabeth. I'm glad you've followed. But I won't keep you, dear. I just wanted if you had any large paintbrushes.
 How large?
 For painting a garage.
 Oh, you're having your garage painted?
 No, Alice. I'm painting it myself.
 Really?
 And I might even fall off the ladder and break my neck.
 What's that?
 Then perhaps they'll be sorry.
 Who, Elizabeth?
 Will and Homer.
 Honestly, Alice, those two would go to the end of the earth to avoid a little work.
 Are you sure they wouldn't do it for you, Elizabeth, if you asked them nicely?
 Alice, dear, I've asked them nicely in every other way.
 Oh, well, men are all the same, I guess.
 Well, I guess I'm pretty lucky.
 Are you dear?
 Yes, it's quite a coincidence, but Sam and Henry are getting ready to paint our garage right now.
 They are?
 Well, how long did you have to work on them?
 As a matter of fact, I didn't say a word about it.
 They always seem to know what I want done without my even having to say.
 Really?
 Well, of course Homer and Will think a lot of me too.
 Oh, certainly.
 I don't believe in judging a man by how much work he does around the house, do you?
 Oh, of course not.
 And Elizabeth, if you want to come and pick it up, I'd be glad to lend you a paintbrush.
 All right. And Alice, do you think people will talk if I come over in my overalls?
 Father! We're around behind the garage, son.
 And well, Henry, have you got all the paint out?
 Yes, sir, and here, Father. I thought you might like to start with this big brush.
 Henry, I have a big surprise for you.
 You have?
 He sure has, Henry.
 Yes, sir. You may keep it.
 Keep what?
 brush father watch for I've been pretty unfair in the past Henry when you wanted
 to paint the garage I realize that now so you have my permission to go to it but
 but but but I had quite believe it as well it's a fact but father I can't be
 trusted with a paint brush well who said so you said so I was wrong Henry you go
 ahead and enjoy your I know but you were getting right out of your way and leaving
 you a clear feel and Homer can help you
 The paint's already here.
 Yeah, well listen Homer, I have something to tell you.
 And did you see his face?
 Well, I don't think I've ever seen anybody so surprised.
 I have to hand it to you Sam, it worked like a charm.
 Now just dash in the house and grab my fishing tackle.
 OK, I'll only be five minutes.
 Say, these are pretty nice brushes.
 While I'm waiting, do you mind if I dog a little red trim
 around the door here?
 I don't mind if Henry doesn't.
 Just a few inches here.
 I can't resist red paint.
 Help yourself, Will.
 [humming]
 Is that you, Sam?
 Yes, Alice. Oh, oh, I didn't know we had company.
 Good morning, sir.
 What's that?
 By Elizabeth.
 In those with your back turd, I thought--
 And Elizabeth came over to borrow a paintbrush, Sam.
 Oh, well, they're all out in the backyard.
 Excuse me. How are you, Elizabeth?
 Oh, not too bad, Sam.
 I've been having a little trouble, though, with my--
 with my-- well, I guess he's gone.
 Reminds me as well, go out and get that brush.
 Oh, yes, and I do appreciate your--
 Elizabeth, what are you staring at?
 My goodness, what do you see out in the backyard?
 Unless my eyes deceive me, I see my husband Will and my son Homer.
 Yes?
 Hinking your garage.
 My goodness!
 Excuse me!
 Elizabeth, where are you going?
 Wheel down!
 Hello Elizabeth!
 Homer!
 Gee, Liz, what are you doing over here?
 Is anything wrong, Elizabeth?
 We'll put down that paintbrush.
 Put it down?
 No, on second thought, keep it.
 You too, Homer.
 Now march, both of you.
 March, in which direction?
 In the direction of our garage.
 Listen, Mother, I'll come quietly
 and meet you as I go in my ear.
 Now march, right, left, right, left.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 There are miracles of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 So sensational new Jello Tapioca puddings, newest members of the famous Jello pudding
 family.
 Try these delicious new desserts, and you'll find here's another reason why more people
 eat Jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 There's luscious light and delicate Jello vanilla tapioca.
 There's rich candy-good Jello chocolate tapioca.
 And newest of all, there's Jello Orange coconut tapioca, tempting orange flavor with coconut
 added.
 creamy, smooth treat of tropical goodness.
 All three jello puddings are ready prepared,
 quick as a flash to fix and nothing to go wrong.
 All you do is add the milk,
 then cook in an ordinary saucepan.
 And jello puddings cook to perfection
 in just about five minutes.
 So remember, now you can get jello vanilla tapioca,
 jello chocolate tapioca,
 and newest of all, jello orange coconut tapioca.
 Ask for jello tapioca puddings,
 a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 After having made plans to go on a picnic with Homer, Henry was led to believe that his
 father wanted a Sherry's company today.
 But actually Mr. Aldrich is anxious to get away fishing with Will Brown.
 As a result of their efforts to get away from each other, each has lost his partner.
 It's just after lunch and the zine opens in the Aldrich living room.
 Henry?
 Yes, Father.
 Do you think you should be fiddling in the living room?
 I'm being careful father. Besides, what else is there to do?
 You have a point there.
 It isn't that I'm not enjoying your company father.
 Oh, of course. It's grand having to stay together.
 Sure. How's business?
 Had any interesting cases lately?
 Yes, but they're rather complicated if you wouldn't understand.
 Oh. How's school?
 It's fine. It's all over.
 (audience laughing)
 - Did you know the baseball team tied Abbott City last week?
 - Yes, that's too bad.
 - Too bad?
 I guess you didn't hear me, Father, they tied.
 - Yes, but--
 - It's the closest we've come to winning in two years.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, oh well, that's fine.
 - Gee, do I feel sorry for Mr. Brown and Homer
 painting their garage?
 They don't have any rights at all.
 - Apparently not.
 - Wouldn't you think on a nice day like this,
 Mr. Brown would let Homer go out in the woods
 be wanted to you certainly would what was that you said about going out in the
 world that's what Homer and I am planned on doing today but I thought you wanted
 to stay around home I wish you wanted to do that no I want to go fishing you do
 well gee wish father why didn't you say so I love fishing well say what are we
 sitting around here for let's go sure boy I'll go and get my pole dig some
 worms and then oh I head and I going fishing Alice today and are we gonna
 - You're gonna have fun.
 - Sam, you must be joking.
 - What do you mean?
 - Well, my goodness, you certainly can't walk out
 and leave our backyard in the state, it's in.
 - What's the matter with it?
 - Well, the garden have dug up,
 packages of seeds all over the place,
 and what's more important, the garage has painted.
 - Alice, we'll paint the garage tomorrow.
 - Why can't you go fishing tomorrow?
 - Because the paper says it's gonna rain.
 - Well, dear, how can you paint the garage in the rain?
 - We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
 - I'll answer the phone.
 You two stay right there.
 - Father, why don't we stick up for our ride?
 Hello?
 Alice, this is Elizabeth.
 Oh, hello Elizabeth.
 I just called to tell you how nicely things are going.
 Honestly, I'm so pleased.
 Really?
 I wish you could see what a good time Homer and Will are having.
 What are they doing?
 Paining the garage.
 I've been watching it from the window.
 Wheels painting one side and Homer's painting the other.
 And I've never seen him so engrossed in anything.
 Well, isn't that nice?
 Sam and Henry painting your garage must have set a good example.
 Sam and Henry?
 Yes.
 How did you ever train them to be so helpful, Alice?
 What? Well, I believe in taking the bull by the horns.
 Yes.
 And when I have a problem to face, I feel the only thing to do is...
 Well, face it.
 Oh, that's so true, Alice.
 Oh, would you excuse me now, dear?
 Of course. Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Sam!
 What in the dalas?
 Please come here!
 Mother, just take the bull by the horns.
 Yes, Father.
 Yes, I will.
 Now listen, Alice.
 Now listen, Sam.
 You listen to me!
 [Music]
 Homer!
 Yes, Mother!
 How's the painting coming along, dear?
 Why, I'm fine, Mother!
 Don't bother coming over!
 I guess, won't death or I'd come and see how you were getting along!
 Well, listen, Mother, you wouldn't...
 Homer, Brown!
 I'm gonna paint over!
 Do you mean to say you spent an entire hour playing pick that toe with perfectly good paint?
 Not entirely. I painted this strip along the bottom.
 And what's this over here?
 What's why?
 This heart with Agnes loves Homer printed inside.
 Or you should be ashamed of yourself smearing a thing like that all over the garage.
 But mother, she said she didn't care if the whole world knew it.
 Where's your father?
 He's around the other side.
 Wait till he sees this.
 Will!
 But mother, I'm gonna paint over.
 Will!
 What do you want, Elizabeth?
 I want to tell you what your son's been doing.
 Look Elizabeth, why don't you run along in the house?
 Since you apparently weren't interested enough to...
 Will Brown.
 Now look Elizabeth.
 May I ask whose art work this is?
 Mine.
 Oh!
 But don't get excited, I'm going to paint over them.
 What are they?
 Smallmouth bass.
 This one here's a guppy.
 Honestly Will, I don't know what to say to you.
 Now look, do I tell you how to do your housework?
 But these horrible fish, what were the neighbors' things?
 I'll have them filled in before the neighbors even see them.
 Besides, it's nobody's business but my own.
 But will!
 If a man has to work, there's no law that says he can't enjoy himself is there.
 All right, Will.
 Go ahead and do it your way.
 But don't expect another meal in this house
 to do that garage is painted properly.
 Don't worry, Elizabeth.
 Father!
 Yes, Homer.
 Father, can we have another can of paint?
 What happened to all the paint we had in the garage?
 We used it.
 You mean to say we haven't any more?
 I guess not.
 Say, those are pretty good submarine.
 Well, come on, we'd better get down to the paint store and get some.
 I'll say.
 Adri-
 Well, what do you mean, submarine?
 Ouch!
 Henry, hold still.
 How can I?
 Well, lean back against the garage.
 But the turpentine's running down my face and it stings!
 Well, that's unfortunate, but I either have to scrub
 your head or cut your hair off.
 Now take your choice.
 - Scrub.
 - All right.
 Oh still.
 - Gee, what time is it?
 - It's 2.30, it's no use,
 and no matter how fast we paint,
 we won't get any fishing done today.
 - Unless there was some way to speed things up.
 - For example.
 - Well, look, did I tell you about that swell gadget
 I saw in Springer's hardware?
 - Oh, what is it?
 - It's a paint sprayer.
 You take the fan belt off of your car, see,
 and attach the sprayer,
 And boy, you can paint a whole house in four hours.
 You can?
 Sure.
 What are you doing, Father?
 Taking the fan belt off.
 And we'll walk down to Springer's
 and look at one of those things.
 Do you mean it, Father?
 You just hand me that wrench, please.
 Sure.
 And then I can go hunt up my fishing pole.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Well, Homer, there's no use hiding outside, you.
 Oh,
 Hello Elizabeth, this is Alice.
 Yes, Alice.
 This is a little embarrassing, Elizabeth, but are Henry and Sam over there?
 No, they aren't. And neither are we'll and Homer.
 You mean they disappeared too? Well, that's settled.
 Set us what?
 I know very well where they've gone, Elizabeth, the whole four of them.
 Where?
 Fishing. Out at Fletcher's pond.
 Alice, they wouldn't dare.
 They've been talking about it all day, and if I know anything about men, that's where they are.
 I can't believe it.
 What sort of condition is your garage in?
 You wouldn't believe it if I told you.
 Well ours is the same.
 And do you know how I feel Elizabeth?
 How?
 If we let them get away with this,
 we'll never be able to do another thing with them.
 I'll do whatever you say Alice.
 You're so good at managing them.
 Alright I'll be right over with a car to pick you up.
 But where are we going?
 Up to Fletcher's Pond and take the bull by the horn.
 [Music]
 Come on in the house, Will.
 The only thing is I should be getting home.
 Only I don't dare.
 Come on in for a few minutes.
 You can explain to Elizabeth how we ran into each other down at the hardware store.
 Yeah, but how am I going to explain that I can't find any of the right color paint?
 Well, just...
 Just stand up for your rights, Will.
 Tell her you'll finish painting the garage next week.
 But you haven't seen what I painted on the toe.
 Well, I never liked our neighbors anyway.
 [audience laughing]
 Father, I've been walked through the house
 and mother seems to be out.
 Cheers. Sit down, Will.
 Why don't I make some lemonade
 and we'll all relax for a while?
 That'd be great. Henry, go make some lemonade.
 Oh, me? Father, you mean we don't have to go home?
 Not right away.
 Didn't mother say so?
 I said so.
 You, Father.
 We are sure wish they'd had one of those paint sprayers left.
 Let's not talk about paint. Let's enjoy ourselves while we can.
 Say, Father, didn't you leave your car in the driveway when we went down to the hardware store?
 Yes, of course.
 Well, look out the window. It's gone.
 Good heavens, you don't suppose your mother took it, do you?
 Sure, that's probably it. But I took the fan belt out. She won't get ten miles with it.
 Is that the phone?
 I'll answer it.
 How about that lemonade?
 Hello.
 And let me speak to Matt.
 Wait a minute. Who is that?
 Alice, is that you?
 Sam, I'm Stuart.
 Did you go? Are you at home?
 Of course I'm at home.
 Oh my goodness.
 Where are you?
 I'm coming from a roadside stand out near Fletcher's pond.
 You're where?
 At the... I don't know quite how to tell you, but...
 There seems to be something wrong with the car.
 Oh, is that so?
 Alice, what did you do to it?
 I didn't do anything.
 Elizabeth and I were just driving along and it got very hot inside
 and then the whole thing started smoking.
 Now look, Alice.
 - Hello, you're getting angry.
 Sam, I give you my word.
 I didn't brace the motor.
 And I know I put the emergency break off before I started.
 - I see.
 Well, we'll discuss that later.
 - Yes, Sam.
 And do you think you and Will could come out and get us?
 - Yes, I suppose we'll have to.
 But on our own terms, you understand?
 - Yes, Sam.
 - All right, goodbye.
 - Goodbye, dear.
 And thank you.
 - Will, boys!
 - Yes, Sam.
 - Yes, Father.
 - Elect to tackle everyone, we're going fishing.
 [applause]
 That's gratitude, Henry. That's gratitude for you.
 No, listen, Homer.
 If you don't want to go over to Agnes's for dinner tomorrow, okay.
 Well, gee, Homer.
 Only I happen to know they're having Jell-O butterscotch pudding for dessert.
 I guess they'll be glad to have me eat your dish of it too.
 Now, wait a minute, Homer.
 It has better change your mind and a hurry about that invitation, Henry,
 because you never tasted anything better than jello puddings.
 Jello chocolate, butter scotch, and vanilla puddings.
 A trio of treats.
 And that's why more people eat jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 Sure, jello puddings are nourishing.
 Sure, they're luscious to look at and sure they're easy to fix.
 But first and foremost, Jello Pudding's taste so grand.
 Smooth as cream, chock full of old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 Jello Pudding's made with milk cooked in just about five minutes.
 But above all, there are treat to eat.
 That's Jello Pudding's.
 You'll never taste it anything better.
 Here's hoping you'll be in your living room in ours
 when we get back from our vacation on September 30th.
 Until then, a happy summer to all of you from all of us.
 Goodbye, folks, until September 30th.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 The oldest family star in this store is Henry.
 Well, Jackie, Governor, and Homer is
 in my officially John, D'Andale Denzel.
 Good news to you by Jack Miller.
 Mr. Mr. Mr. Walter, how's Jameson and Katherine
 And this is "Dwink Least in New York," saying, "The Oldest Family" was brought to you by Jell-O-Pudding.
 Just a taste of Jell-O-Puddings. And believe me, you will know, they are made by famous J-E-L-L-O.
 Listen again Thursday September 30th same time same station to another sparkling half-hour with the Aldrich family
 Remember the date September 30th and goodbye to them
 Starting next week at the same time. Listen to the armed services review starring Burgess Meredith with Irving Berlin
 Ballin and Dietrich and Herb Schreiner as guest stars
 [Music]
