 It's Bob Hope weekdays over most of these stations. Now it's the Aldrich family on NBC.
 Henry Henry-O-Rich!
 Coming Mother!
 Rest of the Aldrich family is transcribed, written by Clifford Goh Smith.
 [Music]
 As every grown-up knows, a typical teenage boy never has to go looking for interesting problems to solve.
 The problems come looking for the boy, and you can be sure that a new and startling one pops up every day, especially for Henry Aldridge.
 The scene opens in the Aldridge living room. The time is evening.
 Mother, could you look at it this way?
 I'm sorry, Henry, but I don't want to discuss it anymore.
 Mother, don't misunderstand me. I'm not trying to discuss it.
 I just want to ask you.
 Henry, Mrs. Brown came over here to visit with me, not to listen to us argue about whether you should have a new suit.
 Oh, excuse me, Mrs. Brown.
 That's all right, Henry. It's nice to see you take an interest in clothes.
 Sure. Mother, have you thought of it this way?
 You've gotta buy me a new suit sometime.
 Why not get one tomorrow and let me get a little wear out of it?
 Henry, I think it's time for you to go to bed.
 Without a... without a...
 Henry?
 Yes, mother. Good night.
 Good night, dear.
 Good night, Mrs. Brown.
 Good night, Henry.
 I hope you'll pardon the way my bathrobe hangs in the back.
 Yes, dear.
 Well, Alice, I didn't want to say anything about it while Henry was here.
 But would you mind if I suggest something?
 No, not at all.
 But it's only because I know you don't want to buy anything that isn't absolutely necessary,
 but Homer has a new suit I think would fit Henry.
 Really?
 He put it on just once, and Alice, believe it or not,
 it's been hanging in the closet ever since.
 My goodness, Elizabeth!
 And it's a good shoe-dalless!
 Homer's uncle said it to him all the other day.
 You don't say!
 Yes, and he's an awfully good dresser.
 He sells things all over the country.
 And the shoe-dalless, well, when you first see it, you might say,
 Well, yes.
 But when you stand off at a distance, dear, the chicks,
 they're brown with a sort of orange stripe in the background.
 Well, the chicks all seem to blend right in.
 And Homer refused to wear it?
 Yes, but he doesn't care a thing about clothes.
 You know how Homer is.
 Oh, sometimes I think he doesn't care about anything.
 No, I wouldn't say that.
 Oh, Alice, you just don't know.
 Well, I said to him, I said, "Homer, that suit will make people stop and look at you."
 And Alice, he acted just the way he does about broccoli and salad.
 Mother!
 Yes, Henry!
 Did you know that the government expects a wool shortage before spring?
 There I want you to get right into bed.
 Yes, Mother.
 Only don't you think we should take advice from our own government?
 Good night there!
 Elizabeth, are you positive you wouldn't mind Henry having that suit?
 Alice, I think it will teach Homer a lesson.
 And if you aren't doing anything, now, why don't we walk over to my house and get the suit?
 That's a wonderful idea.
 I'll put it on the chair beside Henry's bed in the morning and surprise him.
 Good breakfast, Alice. Good breakfast.
 Hem, you're not leaving for the office. This early, are you?
 Sorry, goodbye. Goodbye, dear.
 Tell Henry I'm sorry I didn't see him before he came down.
 I will.
 Mother!
 Yes, Mary.
 Hey, Henry.
 He'll be down in just a few minutes, dear. He's in the bathroom washing.
 Oh.
 And Mary, while he's in there, I want you to take this up to his room so he doesn't see you and lay it on his chair.
 This mother?
 Yes, Mary. I just finished pressing it.
 Oh. What are you going to do? Cover his chair with it?
 What do you mean, cover his chair?
 Well, it isn't as a slip cover or something.
 Now, Mary, that's a perfectly good suit.
 Mother, you mean, Henry has to wear that?
 Where did you share that?
 Dear Mrs. Brown gave it to Henry, and the only reason you don't care for it is because it's folded,
 and you're standing too close to it.
 But, Mother, you can see these checks a block away!
 Now, dear, please take it upstairs.
 Yes, Mother. I just hope Henry doesn't find out that I had anything to do with it.
 And now, Mary?
 Fine, Mrs. Aldridge, is Henry ready for school?
 But, good morning, Homer. Aren't you just a bit early?
 Boy, I'll say. I wanted to get out of the house before...
 I was afraid my mother might make me wear a good morning.
 Well, Homer, I'm afraid it's going to be sometime before Henry gets down and,
 dear, you don't want to be late, do you?
 Well, I don't mind waiting.
 Oh.
 Has he had his breakfast yet?
 No, Homer.
 Are you having hotcakes?
 Mother!
 Hey, yes, Henry!
 What's this thing up here?
 What thing?
 This thing on my chair.
 Why, Henry, that's for you.
 For me?
 This?
 Yes, you asked for one, didn't you?
 I... I asked for a rug.
 [audience laughter]
 Henry, if you'll unfold it, you'll see it is not a rug.
 But what is it, Mrs. Aldrich?
 Well, Gee, when?
 Just put it on there.
 What's she got, Mrs. Aldrich? What's she got?
 What's bad, Homer?
 Mother, I don't mean to criticize, but...
 Where did you get this?
 Well, what is it, Mrs. Aldrich? What is it?
 Oh, my... I'm sorry to be inhospitable, but...
 Henry may have a lot on his mind when he comes down.
 I mean, Homer, you better be going now.
 Goodbye.
 [SIREN WAILING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Hello, mother.
 Henry, aren't you in school yet?
 I've got time, mother.
 I just had a phone and asked you something.
 Where are you?
 One, just three blocks down the street.
 And mother, here's what I want to ask you.
 Well...
 It's about this darn suit I'm wearing.
 Now Henry, I don't want to hear you speak that way about that suit again.
 Well, I didn't mean to be disrespectful about it.
 Mother, don't misunderstand me only.
 You think this is...
 This is really a school suit?
 Henry, if you didn't wear it to school, where would you wear it?
 Well, that's true.
 Now, dear, just think back a minute.
 Remember how we both agreed it made you look much bigger and older?
 Well, and didn't even marry tell you all my shoe lookin' in it?
 Yes.
 And there you are, dear.
 But I remember only last week we ought to tell Mary we liked her dress and boy.
 Just a minute, Henry.
 Mary, please go away from him.
 You want Henry?
 What's that?
 Nothing, Henry.
 And Mary was just saying something about a slipcover for a chair or something.
 Oh boy Henry oh boy hi Willie wait a minute I'll walk down the corridor with
 you where did you get it Henry nice morning isn't it really all the time
 boy pipe the new suit hi Toby hey Henry take it off we know who you are
 you going to history Toby don't get near me Henry you want to blind me that's
 what I say Henry flashing a thing like that right my guy's eye away fellas what
 - What is he gonna win the game Saturday?
 - Hey Jimmy, look at Henry.
 - Hello Henry.
 - Hello Lucy, you going to history?
 - My goodness.
 - What's the matter?
 What are you looking at me like that for?
 - My goodness.
 Turn around.
 - What for?
 - I wanna see whether there's a belt in the back.
 (audience laughing)
 - Now listen Lucy, this dude happens to be all wool.
 - I'll say, and a yard wide.
 - Hey, Lucy.
 - Homer, Homer look.
 - What?
 Oh gee whiz.
 Henry is that...
 Is that...
 Now listen, Henry, let me see that.
 What's the matter, Homer?
 Well, I'll be done.
 What?
 Sure.
 That's what I thought the minute I sawed.
 That's my uncle, Oscars.
 What, Homer?
 Well sure it is.
 I could tell that suit a mile away.
 You're a crazy Homer.
 My mother bought this suit for me.
 Well, you're crazy yourself.
 Here he is, Charlie.
 Take a look at that suit.
 Yeah!
 Well, my doctor, glasses.
 The golden patch, all one piece.
 Listen, fellas.
 I want you to meet my uncle Oscar.
 Hi, Oscar.
 Hi, hi.
 Oh, Oliver, you're killing me.
 Homer, I'm warning you. I'm warning you. I've got just so much patience.
 I suppose you think I'm making it up about my uncle Oscar.
 Sure you are.
 All right, Henry, I'll prove it to you. Let me see the label.
 Now, wait, Homer, keep your hands off me.
 Go ahead, Homer. You want me to hold them for you?
 Sure. Now, Homer, I warn you, keep your hands off this.
 Henry, that you...
 Hello, Eleanor.
 Well, aren't you going to be late to history?
 What are you getting right about Oscar?
 For the last time fellas, let's cut this out and just...
 Just all go to history.
 You got me checkers with you fellas?
 Light on, Oscar, quick and flaky.
 [laughter]
 Okay, that's so, Willie.
 Well, I'll have you understand the suit never belonged to Homer's uncle.
 What does it say on the label, Homer?
 Here, I'll show you.
 Stand back, Homer, stand back.
 Why should I sure go ahead, Homer?
 That's your uncle's suit, and you can do anything you want.
 Sure, I can't.
 sure I can sure I can.
 The last time Homer remember what I said.
 Go ahead Oscar Sock, I'm sure I will.
 And stop calling me Oscar.
 Let me fight Gregory school.
 I'm not fighting Eleanor, I'm just protecting myself.
 Go ahead Homer, pile into him.
 I suppose you think I'm afraid to take another step.
 Well why not, Jenna?
 Now listen, Willie, quit pushing me.
 He took another step, Henry.
 He took another step.
 Well that one doesn't count.
 But Homer, if you take another, boy will you?
 Will you?
 Will you?
 Stand back fellas, stand back and give them room.
 Boys, I think you're both just dawgles.
 Are you really gonna fight?
 Lucy, I hope you don't think...
 I hope you don't...
 Does anybody got the time?
 Yes, it's time for history.
 It is?
 Well, listen Homer, it's a very good thing for you it is.
 And it's a very good thing for you, Joe Henry.
 You mean you're gonna quit?
 Hey, Tobby, let's get the two of them together at three o'clock.
 Hey, that's an idea right after the last period.
 Today?
 I mean, I gotta fight Homer at three o'clock?
 That's right, what's for?
 I mean, I've got to fight Henry.
 Sure!
 Well, that's fine.
 Sure, that's fine.
 (SIREN WAILING)
 Elizabeth?
 Yes, Will.
 Was that Homer on the phone?
 Yes, dear.
 He wanted me to get him out of school early this afternoon.
 What for? I hope you didn't tell him you would.
 Oh no, well of course I didn't.
 But he literally begged me to make an appointment for him after dentist.
 Oh, Mergent?
 Before the last period this afternoon.
 That's the problem with you, Elizabeth. You're just spoiling him.
 Let him have you go and wait about everything.
 Well, I told him definitely he could not leave early.
 Even if he does need some dental work done.
 Oh good. And what's more, Elizabeth?
 I think it's time we put our foot down and made him wear that suit that Oscar sent him.
 Yes, dear, I agree with you.
 Only first, I think maybe I ought to tell you something.
 Well?
 Now, don't fly off the handle, Will, and don't hit the ceiling.
 Only, uh...
 Only what?
 I gave it to Henry Orridge.
 You did?
 Now, you're brown.
 Homer is your son, and he has your stubbornness,
 and I just couldn't go through life fighting both of you over one too.
 I know, Elizabeth, but suppose Oscar arrives and wants to see how it looks on Homer.
 But, dear, we can't go over and ask Henry to return, as you can, will you?
 Why not? Which is more important, Henry or my brother Oscar, who makes $11,000 a year.
 Look, Lucy. Look at what somebody put up on the bulletin board.
 Where, Eleanor? Right in front of you.
 That big poster today at three o'clock the fight of the century. Oh my goodness
 Homer Brown versus off to the flash
 Come on Lucy. We'll be late for English. All right. Where's the fight gonna be Eleanor? I don't know I
 Certainly hope you aren't going well. I just hate right, but I haven't anything else to do
 Hi Lucy. Have you seen Homer anyplace? No, I haven't told you know what I told him I do for him
 What Toby be a second this afternoon
 His wife? His second, his second. And Willie's gonna be Henry's second.
 You mean when Henry and Homer get tired of fighting you and Willie are gonna fight?
 No, we tell them what to do and then we get him water to drink.
 My goodness, they're even gonna drink water?
 Hey Toby, hi Charlie. The football team's getting up a petition for the coach to cancel practice this afternoon so they can all go see the fight.
 Oh, goodness, you think I'll be making a mistake if I didn't see it?
 No, see, it's a grudge fight. Why, it's been building up for three years.
 Oh, let's go into English.
 Quietly! Quiet! That's good gummy water.
 Hello, Henry.
 Hi, Eleanor.
 Hey, what are you fitting way back here?
 Oh, I just decided to change my seat.
 Quietly!
 Now, please turn to page 103.
 By the way, Henry Aldrich, may I ask why you're sitting way back there in the last row?
 Why, uh...
 Why just...
 Howton to sit down here?
 Could you mind standing up when you speak please?
 No, Ms. Eggleston.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Quietly, quiet.
 I don't see anything funny to laugh at.
 And Henry, as long as you do not like your regular seat,
 suppose you come right down here and take the seat in the front row by me.
 No?
 Yes, please.
 Quiet, quiet.
 It seems to me, Henry, you should have plenty to do without deliberately upsetting this entire class.
 Yes, Ms. Eigleston. You want me to sit here?
 Well, as long as you're standing, I'll call on you first.
 To read?
 Please start for the first paragraph at the top of page 103.
 Yes, Ms. Eigleston.
 [clears throat]
 During the mold decade at the end of the 19th century,
 there passed across the English literary scene a figure whose prominence derived not only from his writing,
 But from his elaborate taste and clothes, this man was Oscar Oscar Oscar the flash.
 She wins Oscar Wilde.
 Alice Alice I want you to come into the living room and meet a business friend of mine.
 - Then you mean you brought him home for lunch?
 - How does he doesn't expect much?
 Just have something real nice.
 - That's all he got.
 - But say it, mother!
 - Yes, Mary, I'm in the dining room.
 - Mother, I was just downtown,
 and what do you think somebody told me?
 - I've got to go back to the kitchen and take off this apron.
 - Father, would you like to hear what I heard about Homer Brown?
 - Mary, there's a gentleman in the living room
 who comes to town, a rather important...
 Mary, even where that dress for lunch?
 - Why, I plan to, Father.
 - Yeah?
 I suppose you run upstairs and see whether you can't, uh...
 what do you can't do?
 You mean you want me to put on something a little nicer?
 Yes, ma'am.
 Mother!
 Henry, come here, please.
 I'll ask Mother what I should put on.
 Henry, where are you?
 Right here in the hall.
 Is there something you want?
 Yeah, I want you to come in and meet...
 Henry.
 You know what, Father?
 I can't help it. Mother made me wear it.
 That thing? Where did she...
 That's what I'd like to know.
 Turn around.
 Father, who is it you want me to meet?
 No one.
 (audience laughing)
 Hey, Mary.
 - Mary, what are you doing home for lunch?
 - Well, Mother, I just thought I'd rather eat here.
 - Here, dear.
 Isn't this hot dog day in the school cafeteria?
 - Well, yes, Mother, and I like hot dogs,
 but frankly, I don't enjoy eating them in a place
 where everyone's there and sees...
 and sees...
 - Oh, my goodness.
 - Now listen, Mary.
 - I'm Henry.
 - Mary, I thought you were going upstairs
 and change your dress.
 - I am, only you mean I have to change
 and you're going to let Henry--
 - No, Mary.
 Yes mother only first is I tell you what I heard about Homer what about him he's
 going to be in a big fight with somebody this afternoon right here yes and we
 would Oscar somebody who could that be with Oscar
 the whole time talking about it Henry I think if Homer's going to turn out to
 be that kind of a boy the less you have to do within the better they're sure
 mother I don't like any of that crowded school that's why I thought I come home
 for lunch and they're not going to eat here with us are you well guess father
 but not miss I'm gonna go upstairs and change first you can't possibly change
 your other suit is at the tailors mother at least I can go up and put on my
 quarter Roy's no dear your quarter eyes are in the wash now turn around and show
 your father these shoulders that's an excellent suit yes and feel it Sam feel
 it she was father be honest just not when you first saw the suit yamos
 Spaded who I yes, you're Sam Henry. It's an excellent suit. I hadn't seen the back before
 But you really think it's worth fighting over I'm simply telling you it's handsome. Now go ahead and wear it
 Well, Mr.. Alberts is this your family here in the hall? Yes, Mr.. Thomas. This is Mrs.
 All Richard here. This is mr.. Tom. How do you do and I'm sorry, but my daughter Mary's just stepped out
 Was that Henry I see right behind you? Yes, this is Henry
 He just came home to put on a costume for a school play.
 Now he's got the rush right back.
 What's up, Otter?
 Goodbye, Henry. Goodbye. Good luck.
 The Aldrich family has been family listening for a long time.
 But here at NBC we have a number of families who bring you top comedy.
 Tonight, why not stay tuned for the Harris family?
 You'll find Phil, Alice, the two Harris girls, Brother William,
 and of course a half hour of real entertainment.
 Great stars of the screen will be featured next on NBC,
 when theater guild on the air presents Rosalind Russell and Mel Ferrer,
 in Lloyd Douglas' drama, "Magnificent Obsession."
 Action comes next with a duo of top adventure shows,
 dragnet and Barry Craig confidential investigator.
 And also this evening, Martha Roundtree and Lawrence Pivak bring you America's
 only public press conference, Meet the Press.
 So stay tuned to NBC for your top radio shows.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Because Henry has had to wear a suit that formally belonged to Homer Brown's on Colosca,
 he suffered more than his share from the gang of school.
 As a result, the students have scheduled an open fight at three o'clock this afternoon between Henry and Homer.
 The scene opens in the principal's office.
 Come in.
 Did you want to see me here in your office, Mr. Bradley?
 Yes, Ms. Eggleston.
 Sit down.
 I hope I didn't call you from any class.
 No, Mr. Bradley.
 Miss Eggleston, I happened to pass by your English past this morning,
 and frankly, it seemed to me I heard more disturbance than was really necessary.
 Mr. Bradley, may I say something?
 Yes, Miss Eggleston, just as soon as I am finished.
 A reasonable amount of laughter is quite an order in any class,
 but when the students' sound as though they were rolling on the floor,
 I can only conclude that the teacher has lost all control.
 Now, may I say something, Mr. Bradley?
 Yes, Miss Eggleston, as soon as I have finished.
 As I passed by your partly open door, it seemed to me that in the midst of all this commotion I saw you laughing.
 But, Mr. Peddley, I'm only human.
 Er, did they go part?
 I'm sorry, but it would be impossible for me to describe what happened.
 Now, come, Ms. Eggleston, I can appreciate a joke just as much as anyone.
 Oh, but, Mr. Peddley, I didn't mean to insinuate that you couldn't. I just met...
 Regardless of what you meant, that's certainly the way it sounded.
 And to be frank, I think it would be very wise if I visited your class tomorrow.
 Come in.
 You sent for me, Mr. Bradley?
 Yes, Willie. Come in.
 That will be all, Mr. Bradley.
 That will be all.
 And tomorrow we'll all have a good laugh together.
 Very well.
 Now then, Willie?
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 Close the door, please.
 Oh, yes, Mr. Bradley.
 Well, I had a talk with him, Mr. Bradley.
 I told him just exactly what you said.
 So there won't be a public fight on the school grounds
 this afternoon.
 Are you made it quite clear, Willie?
 willy oh yes mister brad and the fight is off entirely well not entirely that
 is instead we decided i mean they're gonna have it on the vacant lot and
 back of willy isn't gonna be on the school ground willy i understand you
 are one of the ringleaders and all this who i mister bradley a ringleader oh no
 i'm just a second you're sure of that oh mister bradley if there's one thing i
 I hate to see it's two guys in a good fight.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, I suppose if they've got to get it out of their system,
 understand, Willy, I am emphatically against boys fighting.
 But if it's off the school grounds,
 I don't see how I can in any way interfere.
 - Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 - That will be all?
 - Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 - Oh, Willy, just one moment.
 - Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 - Where did you say this fight is going to be held?
 (audience laughing)
 I didn't say yes that would be all
 He fellas look what I've got for Homer a pale on the spot wall
 I'll ask you nothing look at what I got for Harry a shot. Oh, I'm it who's gonna keep time
 I am Willie. I am. Where's Henry and Homer?
 Oh, they'll be along. Henry said he'd get here as fast as he could.
 Boy, was he actors to get another this.
 Well, Homer was anxious too. He said he wouldn't be late.
 My goodness, Eleanor, isn't this exciting? I think it's terrible.
 That's what I mean. That's what I mean. I can hardly wait.
 [Music]
 What time is it, Homer?
 It's, um...
 Exactly, 25 minutes after three.
 Is that right?
 [Growling]
 Mmm, it's a pretty good soda, isn't it, Henry?
 Boy, I'll say.
 And don't misunderstand me.
 I'd be perfectly willing to go over that lot and fight you, Henry.
 Only...only sure. I know what you mean.
 But I hope you don't think I wouldn't be willing to fight you, Homer.
 She was. I'd be willing to knock your block off for you.
 But as the fella disorder fountain just told you, your father's been looking all over town for you.
 Sure. And if he wants me to keep an appointment at the dentist or something,
 naturally, I can't disobey him.
 Naturally. You know, we don't look toward the door now, but I think some of the gangs just went by.
 You think they're still looking for us?
 - Looking for her? - Sure.
 Let's have another soda.
 (audience laughs)
 - I'll pay for this one.
 - Oh no, Henry, you let me.
 - Are you crazy?
 Who am I gonna get a quarter right here?
 - Now wait a minute.
 - Oh, Chiwiz, did I knock it out of your hand?
 - Well, that's all right, Homer.
 It's right down here in the floor someplace.
 - Oh, wait a second, Henry.
 You let me get it for you.
 - Well, I'm already into the table, Homer.
 - So am I.
 - Hey, fellas, here they are.
 - Where, Charlie?
 - They're wrestling, under the table.
 - Who, Chiwiz. - Listen, fellas,
 don't you realize the whole school
 waiting for you over at the line who was now listen home you stop twisting my ankle
 and we take your hands off my throat
 oh my goodness what are you doing about Lucy they are even trying each other yeah
 they are what are they doing they open your eyes on your feet oh my goodness
 There is least six feet away from each other.
 Rush them, Henry. Rush them.
 Sure, I will. Sure, I will.
 Homer, what do you keep circling around him for?
 I'm measuring him.
 Come on, let's have some ice.
 Yeah, let's what I say.
 Hang on.
 Here's what I say.
 How can I hit him? Look at him keep backing away.
 You are crazy. You're backing away yourself.
 I am not.
 Oop. What happened?
 Hey, who tripped me?
 Hey, help Henry out somebody.
 'Cause I'm all right.
 Now listen, Homer, stop running all around me like that.
 Oh, he's running! Oh, he's running!
 Oh, that's talking to him, Homer.
 That's telling him when to get off.
 Homer, tell him what you think of his soap.
 Oh, sure!
 Some soap! Some soap!
 You look just like my uncle Oscar.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Now listen, Homer, do call me that once more.
 Oh, Henry, go back for him.
 Sock, I'm going.
 Who I'm going to.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hey, what you with?
 Homer, run here.
 Is that you?
 Do I have to go to the dentist?
 You come with me.
 Now?
 Mr. Brown, you mean I can't beat Homer up?
 And as for you Henry, you come along too.
 And ring that suit with you.
 (
 Am I ashamed? Am I ashamed?
 Well listen Homer, here we are all the way out in the edge of town.
 She was untired walking.
 Boy, am I ashamed.
 Oh, it doesn't look so bad on your home or not. The sun's going down.
 All the checks are sort of blended together.
 Yeah, I know.
 But my father said, "I've got to wear this suit to school tomorrow."
 Listen, Henry, you've already broken it in. Wouldn't you like to wear it?
 Well, wouldn't your father tell you I couldn't keep it?
 But he wanted you to have the pleasure of wearing it?
 Yeah, sure.
 What do you think I want everyone in town to call me?
 Ask her this and ask her that for as long as I live here?
 I wonder...
 I wonder... you wonder what?
 I don't suppose we could burn the suit, could we?
 Right on me?
 Well, the only thing is, Henry, my father wouldn't believe it was an accident.
 You know what I mean.
 Well, listen, let's go back into town then.
 Oh, no, not until it's pitch black.
 Hey, Homer, look out.
 What's the matter? You see what I see crawling across the road? Henry, what is that?
 She wears it. It's a skunk, isn't it? Henry, is that a skunk? Are you sure it's a skunk?
 Sure it is.
 Here, kitty, kitty, kitty. Here, kitty, kitty. Come to Homer. Homer, hurry. He's getting away from you.
 [Music]
 Right now, even in November, many sections of the country are unusually dry.
 This increases the danger of forest fires.
 So every time you're out in the fields of forest,
 follow these rules.
 Crush out cigarette, cigar, and pipe ashes.
 Break matches in two after using them.
 Brown all campfires, then stir and drown them again.
 Learn and respect the law before starting any fire.
 Forest rangers can fight forest fires, but only you can prevent them.
 - Thank you, Oliver? - Yes, Father.
 - Are you back already? - Well, Father, it's like this.
 Homer didn't I tell you to go down to the dentist?
 I did. Only he said he'd rather wait a week or two before he works on me.
 The Aldrich family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are house Jameson and Catherine Roth.
 Your now sir is ticked up.
 Listen again next week, same time, same station for another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich family.
 Good night, everybody.
 Tonight it's the Phil Harris Alice Fay Show on NBC.
 [Music]
