 The Aldrich family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone
 of Henry with Jackie Kalk as Homer. Henry! Henry all of it! Coming, mother!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 In the comfortable home at 117 Elm Street, Centerville, USA,
 live friends and neighbors of yours, the Aldrich family.
 You know Sam and Alice Aldrich and their daughter Mary,
 And if you'd rather come in contact with a teenage boy, you'd certainly know Henry Aldrich.
 Now that it's Saturday morning, the scene opens in the Aldrich living room.
 Is it father, is it?
 - Hey, is it water, Henry? - Oh, I want to know with what a youth think it is.
 - So that I think what water is? - Peanut butter, father, is it ration?
 Henry, do you realize I put aside this whole day to work on my income tax?
 And you begin by mixing me up with a thing like peanut butter?
 Oh, excuse me. Only are they both under the government now.
 Is there any reason why you can't ask your mother?
 Well, she's up on the third floor and I thought if I yelled or weren't,
 what only disturbed you?
 Henry, I have no idea
 if the what the government is going to do about peanut butter.
 But I do know what they do if I don't get my tax in.
 Yes, sir. And I'm very sorry to have bothered you.
 Mother!
 Mother!
 Mother!
 Henry!
 Father, do you realize the terrible things you've gotten me into?
 What's that, Mary?
 My goodness, I'll never be able to face your gram again for as long as
 Mary, I'm trying to do my income tax.
 Now, please get away.
 But, Father, you told me we were going to have a snowstorm
 and it would last two or three days.
 All right, if I told you, then we'll probably eventually have it.
 Now, get away.
 What are the days again?
 I took the word and called everybody up and told them,
 "Joe Graham and I were giving a sleigh ride party tonight."
 Everything's all arranged in no love.
 What?
 The sun's shining, isn't it terrible? It's just like a spring day.
 Mary, for the last time, I am not interested in the weather or in peanut butter.
 What, sir? Mary, you're not the daughter you're for.
 Father, all I'm doing is telling him how upset I am.
 No, the urge is about your slay right party.
 It isn't your father's fault. It turned warm.
 My goodness, even the crocuses are coming out.
 What father said we rent for a terrible three-day splitter?
 Mary, anybody can make a mistake like that.
 But not that much of a mistake.
 I'm sorry, I agree with your father, Mary.
 It isn't important. Now, please run along and let him get his income tax done.
 Yes, mother, I'll go.
 Only I've got the phone practically.
 Everybody in this town and apologize for father.
 Thank you, Alice.
 Sam, do you want any of the things that in this box thrown out?
 I'd love for you talking about.
 I just wrote it down from the attic.
 Alice, how do I know whether I want any of those things?
 Look at them all.
 All right, dear.
 Can't you go through it if I'm willing to wait for you?
 Just put the box under the table for now.
 Dear, I'm trying to clean this house up,
 not make it look worse in my goodness.
 So, here I don't see how you needn't begin to figure your tax.
 Alice, what are you doing?
 I'm opening the window.
 Time we ate out the house.
 Alice, my papers.
 Put a book on them.
 Just a nice little breeze.
 Anyhow, I want you to go up to the attic with me
 and bring down all the blankets.
 - What for?
 - I wanna hang them on the line, dear.
 This is too nice a day not to take advantage of it.
 - No, Alan.
 - I'll be back and help you just as soon
 as I've taken care of something.
 - Henry!
 - Yes, mother, I'm out in the kitchen.
 - Henry, where in the world did you get
 that caramel layer cake?
 - I got some cake, mother.
 - What is it?
 - That's a triple deck of peanut butter sandwich.
 - And exactly how are you gonna get your mouth
 around anything that big?
 - That's for me, Mrs. Aldrich.
 I can handle it all right.
 (audience laughing)
 We're going in a picnic.
 - A picnic?
 - Sure.
 They're going half a month late.
 But the peanut butter isn't racist.
 It isn't old boy.
 Hand me that knife, Henry.
 Now wait a minute, Homer.
 Henry, all I want to do is make one for Wilbur.
 For Wilbur?
 You're going to laugh here?
 Sure.
 Is he visiting you this weekend, Homer?
 Yes, Mrs. Aldrich.
 His folks seem to like to leave him with us.
 If you boys don't mind taking a famous butter,
 I'll make some hot soup for you.
 Hot soup, mother.
 I'm a hot morse.
 Stay like this.
 Mrs. Aldrich, we're taking some ice cold milk.
 And how are you going to keep it cold?
 We'll put it in the same spot and caulk it up real quick.
 Now listen, Homer, do you mean to say you're pointing to what little Wilbur will ruin our party?
 Henry, I can't help it if I have to take care of him.
 I know, but listen, I'm his uncle, aren't I?
 Sure, but I'm not.
 Henry, if I don't take him along my allowance, gets cut off.
 Now that's all there is to it. Okay, Homer.
 If you want to spoil the first 12th Spring Day we've had this winter, you can count me out.
 You're not going?
 No.
 And you can also stop spreading our peanut butter around as though we're free as well.
 I'm the soloist for you, sir.
 Now, wait, Henry.
 Give me one good sound reason why we'll be shouldn't go.
 I mean, outside of the fact that you just don't like them.
 We're going on our bicycles, aren't we?
 And how could Wilma possibly run along beside us and keep up with us?
 He was, he always has, hasn't he?
 You mean he can talk for 11 miles? That little kid?
 Sure, that's why I want to give him a peanut butter sandwich.
 And besides, it isn't 11 miles to Kenlow Point. It's only eight.
 It's a lot, it's eight.
 And if he gets tired, he can ride our handlebars.
 Hold on, I'm telling you, it's a webinar!
 Okay, where's your father? Where's your father?
 He'll know how far it is.
 Surely, well, I know how far it'll stay.
 Father!
 Mr. Aldrich, we want you to settle something.
 What's that?
 Father, how far would you say it is over to Kendall for?
 How far? 13 miles.
 13? 13. Not eight.
 Are you sure it is no webinar, Ray?
 13. Now, please get away from all these papers.
 But, Father, don't you think it's entirely too far
 a little kid that's only 12 during 13 miles all the way out there and 13 miles all the way back
 just so Homer can take care of him now listen Henry part of the way would be on handlebar
 Homer will you please stop waving that knife with a big gob of peanut butter on it
 oh she was I didn't even know I had it in my hand I'll just stand back better yet get out of the room
 boy what are you making your sound because in here for we aren't mother fathers just trying to show
 What a big mistake he's making.
 Mrs. Aldrich, wouldn't you say Kendall point is about eight miles from here?
 At the far end of the lake?
 Well, that must be about 50 miles.
 15 miles?
 Homer, will you look at that garb of peanut butter right in the middle of my income tax?
 Oh, he was.
 That my peanut butter.
 Homer Brown.
 I can scrape it up.
 The government will never know what it was.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Alice, is there any reason why I can't put Homer's name down as one of my dependents?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I don't know why you shouldn't, Mr. Holley.
 My father does, and my uncle does.
 Your uncle does, Homer.
 Sure. He sends me $25 every Christmas
 and puts me down every March 15.
 Homer, do you mean your uncle Wilbur?
 Oh, no. Wilbur's my nephew.
 He depends on me.
 Homer, stop waving that peanut butter.
 I know why I'll do, will it?
 Well, now you're safe.
 Homer, did you put all that in your mouth at once?
 Uh, fine.
 - Oh, oh, oh, oh. - Oh, are you all right?
 - Right. - Oh, oh, oh.
 - Henry, take him out and force the water down.
 - Oh, come on, Homer. I'm gonna try to look for you.
 Going out, you'll plead you.
 (loud music)
 - Come on, let's go, let's go.
 (loud music)
 - Father!
 - Mary, I'm out here in the backyard.
 - Oh, Father is on the phone and wants to know
 whether it's legal to the desperate, broken fishing tackle.
 The limit's not unless he was fishing for business reasons.
 He also wanted to explain about the surf tax or something.
 Jerry Marv call him just as soon as I get this wash hung up.
 Now Sam, all we're hanging up is blankets.
 Blankets and bathing suits.
 I haven't been near my income tax for an hour and a half.
 The idea of hanging bathing suits out in broad daylight at this time of year.
 Sam, I found them screwed all over the attic floor.
 And incidentally, have you any ideas
 to what could have become of Henry's suit?
 Isn't it here?
 Mother, Mother, what do you think has happened?
 What, Mary?
 I was just talking with Jimi Anderson and you know how his father's editor of the paper, don't you?
 Yes.
 Well, Jimmy says he thinks it's the funniest thing he's ever heard and he's going to have his father put a whole story about it.
 About why?
 Why am I inviting everybody to a sleigh ride party on the hottest day of the year?
 Just because father said we were going to have a blessing.
 Mary, it isn't the hottest day of the year. Look at me. I've still got my coat on.
 What father? I've been trying to phone the livery stable all morning to cancel my order for the sleigh and they don't answer.
 So what?
 Mary, no one in his right mind is going to deliver a sleigh on a day like this.
 or they couldn't even move a sleigh without any snow.
 But, Martha said there would be snow.
 All right, Mary, but I can't go out and buy some for you.
 Incidentally, Sam, do you see what I see?
 Where?
 Off there in the sky, right over there.
 What do you mean, that little cloud off to a candle point?
 Yes, Sam, what a boy's went.
 Doesn't that look as though it might rain over there?
 Now, Alice, there isn't a drop of water in that cloud.
 It looks like rain to me, Martha.
 Mary, it isn't as large as one of these blankets.
 Alice, Alice.
 Sam, where are you?
 - Get out of the clothesline, bro.
 He's under all those blankets.
 - Alice!
 - Then get up before you get some dirty.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 - Henry, did you see me dive off that rock?
 - Yeah, boy, cold, isn't it?
 - Cold? It's wonderful.
 - Oh, I didn't mean cold.
 I mean, it's just a little cooler
 I thought it would be.
 Well, this is the first time we've been in this year.
 Naturally, we've got to get used to it.
 Listen, the light gets still warmer than if we've gone all the way up to Kenlow Point.
 I think sure it is.
 Talk me that towel, Homer, here.
 When you get through, they've hung it on that bush that our clothes are under.
 Okay.
 Well, I'm glad we didn't bring Wilbur.
 Same here.
 Even if it did cost me the price of a movie to get rid of him.
 Sure.
 And the beautiful part of it is, Homer.
 He won into that movie before I was ever in a clock and he hoped he out before a phrase.
 Sure.
 Do you want him to take a sandwich and with him?
 Sure.
 The big triple deck of peanut butter.
 Wasn't that being fair with him?
 Sure, she was.
 I thought it was more than generous.
 Henry, what are you shaking for?
 Oh, I'm not shaking.
 Oh, come on.
 Let's give him for the water again.
 Henry, could you see that island out there?
 Yeah.
 And do you see that cabin on it?
 Let's warm out and explore it.
 Oh boy, why not?
 By the time we get there the sun will be out again.
 OK, come on.
 Come on yourself.
 Oh boy, oh boy.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, Sam, all you speaking.
 Sam, this is Alice.
 Hello, where are you?
 I'm downtown shopping, dear.
 Did you take the blankets in?
 Take them in.
 I didn't know I was supposed to.
 I thought you wanted them to air all day.
 But, Sandra, did you realize it's raining?
 Raining when it began to rain.
 At least a quarter of an hour ago,
 and Sam, you said it wasn't going to.
 I did?
 Yes, of course.
 And I took your word and wore my brand-new spring coat
 and hat down here.
 Overline a second.
 I want to look out the window.
 What for?
 Yes, Alice, it's raining.
 It's raining quite hard.
 But that's the side.
 It's going to stop as quickly as it begins.
 Sam, it's even turning cold.
 Now, please bring the blankets in right this minute here.
 But Alice, my income tax.
 And they're all wet anyhow.
 Yes, Alice, I'll get them in.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Is that you, Mary?
 Yes, my goodness.
 It's Mrs. Nivet Johnson, phone.
 Mary, you're just the person I want to see.
 Go out, please, and bring in the bedding.
 But, Father, I guess I'm told to get an umbrella
 because you were wrong about it.
 It's not raining, and I simply have to run back
 over to the town then.
 What for?
 Because I haven't been able to get worded
 and then I'm not having a sleigh ride.
 But Mary, well, that's a fine thing.
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Is this, Sam?
 Yes.
 This is Elizabeth Brown.
 Who?
 Oh, yes, yes, hello.
 Sam, I'm sorry to bother you, but his little billboard over there.
 Wilbur, no, he went along with the boys out to Kendall Point.
 Oh, my goodness. They took the billboard all the way?
 Yes, they're going to spend the day on a picnic.
 And you let them? Sam, I don't want to criticize.
 But didn't you realize it was going to rain?
 Elizabeth is probably going to stop any minute.
 Just to say, but it's time global probably ringing with.
 There isn't anything to worry about, Elizabeth.
 I know some people that live down there on Kendall Point the year round
 and I'll give them a call right away.
 What good will that do?
 I'll tell them to take an umbrella and go out and look for the boys and make them come into the house.
 Now don't you worry.
 Hey, there's no use looking out the door every 10 minutes when
 Stop writing!
 I wonder why they built this cabin without any window.
 That's what I was thinking.
 You closed the door, Henry.
 Hold on. You getting cold?
 No.
 What makes you think I'm cold?
 I can't remember if you were shivering.
 Oh, no.
 Ever since I squeezed my bathing suit out,
 I feel a lot more comfortable.
 You know, Homer, I sort of wish we had gone
 of that movie with Wilbur.
 Same here, even if I have seen it once.
 Did you say it was pretty good?
 Boy, it's one of the most exciting movies I ever saw.
 Here's the daylights out of you for about two days.
 Hey, God?
 She will below the like it.
 And the best part of it is Henry,
 his folks don't like him to go to the movie.
 No, why not?
 I don't know.
 You've only let him see about two in his life.
 It's what it be a special treat for him.
 It's in a lumber camp, see?
 And there were two men fighting by a river.
 And a tree starts to fall on,
 and then they jump in the river to get out of the way.
 Boy, the time carries a mite down to the dam.
 Yeah?
 So the dam?
 Yeah.
 Boy, when I saw that tree fall, I yelled right out loud.
 And then boy when the dam broke, did I make a fool of myself.
 Oh, I think it stopped raining.
 I don't hear anything.
 Oh boy, didn't I tell you it was clear?
 Oh, come back.
 You were gonna warm this up.
 Open the door.
 [crying]
 Oh boy!
 Henry, what did you trip on?
 I didn't trip, I slept on the ice on what ice.
 Oh boy, forget all of me.
 You went with all this ice come from.
 You can't even see the ground.
 Imagine if I was at home, I'd be supposed to water a little bit.
 Why worry about that, Henry? How are we going to get to the water?
 Oh, come on.
 Oh, well, you might be cold on my ice.
 Henry, let go of me. Do you want me to slip again?
 How about you let it go, a mejo boy?
 You have no comers in the beginning of the snow?
 He was imagined to know at a time like this.
 Homer, do I see a cross on the lake?
 No, I don't think so.
 But you dive in first.
 [ [Laughter]
 Homer, hello, who's that over there?
 Where?
 That's almost standing on the shore, he's watching us.
 Oh, it looks like an admit cap.
 Oh, yeah.
 Fuck, he's going on.
 Oh, well, it has to be done, it's got to be done.
 You mean you're going in?
 How is it?
 Oh boy, come on in!
 Oh boy!
 Hello!
 I can't open my eyes!
 I can't even breathe!
 Oh boy!
 Oh boy!
 You know, I'm sort of glad that camp's off to win.
 Why?
 I think we've gone to school all the morning.
 I'm trying to tell them we've been swimming in the snowstorm.
 They wouldn't have believed it.
 I'll say, they would have just said we were crazy.
 (dramatic music)
 - But look, Father, it's a regular blizzard out.
 - Of course it is, Mary, didn't I tell you all the time?
 - And what am I going to do?
 - You shouldn't believe me in the first place.
 Never canceled your party.
 - There's at least four inches out there
 on the ground already.
 - I've never been able to account for it,
 but whenever there's a three or four day blizzard
 on the way, I just feel it in my left knee.
 - Well, my goodness, there isn't any reason
 We couldn't have the sleigh ride party.
 Of course not.
 You better go right to that phone and start calling people up.
 Yes, I will.
 I wonder what Joe Graham's going to say.
 Sam.
 Yes, Alice, are you back?
 I certainly haven't.
 Frankly, I was never thought said in my life.
 Mother, just look at your hat and coat.
 Yes, Steve.
 Now, Alice, calm down.
 When your things dry up, there'll be as good as new.
 You told me, Sam, it wasn't going to rain.
 I said it wasn't going to rain very long,
 and it didn't.
 It turned to snow.
 But Sam, if you forgot the hen rain.
 Hen rain.
 Don't you realize what's happened?
 I just saw Ned met Cap down.
 How many said he'd seen Henry in Homer in swimming?
 Where in the YMCA?
 No, dear, in a blizzard at the lake.
 Now, Alice, don't be ridiculous.
 That's where we went, send this morning.
 Alice, that'd be sensible about this.
 Henry and Homer are all warm and comfortable.
 How do you know they are?
 Because I call down to Kendall Point and told her family
 that I'd go out and get them.
 Oh, who part into filming?
 And, Mother, I'm sure there isn't anything to worry about.
 You know, you can't believe has the things, Ned Metcalf says.
 You can't believe?
 That's right, Alice. You know his father.
 All right, Sam.
 If you say there's nothing to worry about, then there's nothing to worry about.
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Olgrich.
 Henry and Homer have gotten rid of Homer's young nephew Wilbur by sending him to a movie
 in order that they might go on a picnic.
 But what started off to be a pleasant spring day has become a mid-winter blizzard.
 The scene opens with the two boys standing near the edge of the lake in their bathing suit.
 Oh, the brothers will go on a thing I don't know.
 Have you found him yet?
 No, of course I have him.
 We have them.
 Now, let's wait a second, Henry.
 Let's try to remember exactly which bush we left our things under.
 Well, I thought it was this bush here, but everything looks so different.
 Call me Snow.
 I know one thing.
 I'm not going all the way back to town in the snowstorm on a bicycle wearing the star and bathing suit.
 Oh, pig in the snow.
 Oh, no, a cause must be here full-class.
 Which treated we hang the tower on.
 How would I know?
 Oh, well all we have to do is look for a white towel, Henry.
 Sure, that's covered with white snow.
 Homer!
 Homer, I found something! I found something!
 Oh, where? Come on, help me dig!
 But he was where.
 Something hard, it must be my shoe!
 Oh, boy!
 Look at it, Henry.
 Homer, is that my shoe?
 We'll hit it against that tree and not some of the snow.
 Okay.
 She was not a poor my shoe, but the peanut butter sandwich.
 It is. Give me a bite.
 You know, Hor, I should think both of peanut butter would be very good.
 Sure. It ought to taste like peanut brittle.
 Hor, Hor, look, I found my pants.
 Oh, she's looking for the frozen sift.
 Wait a second, I'll help you un-bend them.
 Go easy, Hor, go easy, you want to pray?
 Oh.
 You said we can't put them on until we un-fold the legs, can't you?
 Good boy, even if I get them straightened out, how can I get into them?
 Hit me, hit me, take a look away, just step turned.
 What is it?
 It's a famous bottle. Didn't you let a point hot soup in it?
 No, we put ice cold milk in it.
 What did we do that for?
 What color look like you picked up? What is it?
 Oh, you're blind, it's my sock.
 Stand back, why not the snow?
 Hit me, are you sure that's a sock?
 Well, oh boy.
 He was I'm not for he or I know.
 I said Joe, you made me look ridiculous.
 And you owe my father an apology for doubting his word.
 He said it was going to snow all the time.
 And Mary did do say he thought you ought to give the pardon?
 Yes, Mother, of course.
 And I'd call the stable and hired to spray and everything.
 I'll let you find it.
 Look out the window, Mother.
 Did you ever see the snow come down nice and?
 It is pretty, isn't it?
 What are those boards fathers carrying into the basement?
 Those are not boards.
 Those are our blankets.
 Oh, my goodness.
 They can hardly get them through the cellar door.
 How do you suppose that is?
 I'll answer it.
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Is this Alice?
 Yes.
 This is Elizabeth Brown.
 Oh, hello.
 Oh, Alice, I have something terrible to tell you.
 What's that?
 We found Wilbur.
 Who?
 Wilbur, we found him.
 What are we going to do?
 What do you mean, dear?
 He saw his way back to the snowstorm,
 and he came running into the house just frightened of this.
 Really?
 And Alice, I've never seen anyone so white.
 He was so upsetting and hardly talk.
 But where are Henry and Homer?
 That's the terrible part.
 What's that?
 All I could get out of Wilbur was an enormous tree,
 almost fell on them.
 Oh, my goodness.
 In the police, jumping in the water, and then Wilbur says,
 the current started carrying them down to the dam.
 Oh, my goodness, and then what?
 Wilbur said he was so frightened he just got up and ran home.
 Oh, my goodness.
 It's Wilbur.
 Yes.
 Well, Elizabeth, hold the line.
 Sam!
 Sam!
 You called your father.
 I'm right here, Alice.
 What happened?
 - And the blizzard blew a tree down. - Where? After the thought.
 No out on Kendall Point where the boys are, and I'll send him into the lake.
 - What's that? How do you know? - Wilbur ran back 15 miles through the blizzard.
 Just to get home with me. They've got a line right now.
 Well, Alice, tell her to tell Will to get some warm clothes on, and we'll start in 15 minutes.
 Yes, Sam. Do you want to take along some hot soup?
 No, get in to get an axe with a length of chain if you have it.
 But, Sam, I don't think you can get the car, too.
 I'm not going to take the car. Mary.
 Yes, Father?
 As soon as your mother hangs up, call the livery stable and tell them you want that play you wanted right away with a team of two horses.
 - Really, Father? - Yes, Alice.
 Elizabeth, Santa has to tell Willy's coming over to pick him up.
 Alice, I forgot to tell you.
 Willy said it was a tree, sir. It broke the dam.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Sam, the dam is a lake in broken.
 He said it was going to be flooded.
 - Well, how do your boys feel now? - See, we feel fine, Mr. McDowell.
 - You good and warm? - Oh, sure.
 We never felt better in our lives.
 And, gee, this is good hot soup you're life-six for.
 And so one of you boys didn't get pneumonia out there.
 Oh, gee, pushing our bicycles up the road kept us warm.
 Sure.
 And for where were we up?
 He was probably three minutes from where we found our clothes until we got here.
 So where's Mrs. Macau?
 She's out in the kitchen getting your clothes dried out.
 She says they're almost ready.
 Look, look, it stops knowing.
 Yes, stop the half an hour ago.
 It's cleared up real nice.
 Say, what's that I see out there?
 Where are Bob?
 Up on the hillside.
 That's a team of horses pulling a sleigh.
 Oh, gee, that's a squall idea. I wish I were on it.
 Me too.
 I wonder where those two fellows in
 think they're going.
 Boy, they're traveling fast.
 Oh, I guess what they're trying to do
 is take a shortcut over the Kendall point.
 But I wish they keep off my wheat.
 Just a second while I answer this phone.
 Hello?
 Hello.
 This is an emergency call lining up all a bill-bodied man.
 Yeah, with the trouble.
 The dam is in the lake, it's been blown up.
 What's that?
 Who did it?
 Nobody knows.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (dramatic music)
 - Mother, Mother, what do you think?
 - What happened there?
 - Hey, look, it's coming up the front wall.
 - There is, it's your father with Henry and Homer.
 - It's Henry and Homer, all right, the father is no more.
 - Henry, you poor thing, come here.
 - Oh, Mother, I was just going around and back
 and hanging my bathing suit up.
 - See, you're coming here, are you all right?
 - Yes, you are.
 - Why do you ask that, Mrs. Aldrich?
 We never felt better in our life.
 - Oh, I don't see how you can, Homer.
 I happen to know exactly what happened.
 What happened, Mother, what do you mean?
 - Wilbur is home, dear.
 - Oh, is he?
 - Yes, Homer.
 - Who told my folk?
 - Yes, and the poor boy was never so frightened in his life.
 - You are?
 - Oh boy.
 - Oh, his mother said he was simply hysterical.
 He still can't talk.
 - Didn't I tell you he'd be scared, Henry?
 - See, I can't blame him.
 I was myself.
 - And I should think you would be.
 - She, when that tree started coming down,
 I thought, boy, I can't stand this.
 - You poor boy.
 - And then when I saw the water pouring over the dam,
 and I thought, "She'll close my eyes and it'll be alright."
 And Henry, do you remember the whole thing with horror too?
 Why, Mother, I don't remember any of them.
 Why, Mother, why don't you suddenly take a look out the window?
 What's happened?
 There was no other person.
 There was an address on the ground.
 Of course not, Mary.
 They haven't been any for the last hour.
 What am I going to do about my sunrise party?
 My goodness, the sun's just raining down.
 I think I'll open the window.
 I feel like some fresh air.
 Sure, Henry.
 Mother, I'll never be able to face anybody again.
 You know, Homer, if you look out of here, it probably seems possible that this was the
 day we had that blizzard.
 Henry, I'm worried about Wilbur.
 No, there is one thing for you to worry about.
 Just look out there on the lawn.
 There's another croak coming up.
 Oh, she was--look what's coming down the street.
 Oh, boy.
 Two men on horseback.
 Really?
 And they haven't got any saddles.
 What's up, I look at Father and Mr. Brown.
 Oh, my goodness.
 What have they been horseback riding?
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half hour with your favorite youngster, his family and his pals.
 The older family starring Ephraeth Stone is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 [Music]
 (buzzing)
