 The Aldrich family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith and
 starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kalk as Homer. Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, brother!
 For the Aldrich family.
 [Music]
 Most of us remember our teenage as something that was always bright and shiny and rather wonderful.
 But to Henry Aldrich who was right in the middle of his teenage,
 life is not always that attractive.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich's living room.
 It is the afternoon of the last day of the year.
 You are father, you really are?
 Certainly Mary, may I ask what's so unusual
 about taking your mother to a masquerade on New Year's Eve?
 Good Father, did you know that people dance at masquerade?
 Certainly I know.
 Oh.
 What do you mean, oh?
 Nothing.
 Mary!
 I'll be right back, Father.
 All right, Mary.
 Take your time.
 Well, you're mother.
 In the dining room.
 And dear, I was just wondering how you and Kermit
 were going to spend this evening.
 Didn't I tell you, Mother?
 Oh, my goodness, I so frail.
 Really?
 I get Kermit just about the most thoughtful person in the whole world.
 My, where's he taking you?
 No place.
 No place.
 He's just coming over here where we can be all by ourselves with just each other.
 What?
 Isn't that thoughtful of him?
 Well, yes, dear, of course.
 Goodness when I think of all the poor girls with boyfriends,
 how think of anything better to do than throw their money around
 and never get a romantic book near lies.
 My, doesn't your heart bleed for them?
 It certainly does, Mary.
 And I know just how you feel.
 Your father was always very thoughtful that way too.
 (audience laughing)
 - Anyways, did you know he's planning
 on actually dancing tonight?
 - Do your father's been dancing for 25 years.
 - That's what I mean,
 won't you think he'd get tired?
 - My goodness, I never thought of that.
 - I wonder.
 Excuse me, Mary.
 Oh, Sam, how did you think I should make something
 for Kermit?
 - As long as you stick to macarons, Mary.
 - I'm trying to leave.
 I know, dear, but I just got to thinking about...
 About what?
 Sam, are you sure you want to go to that masquerade tonight?
 Course I'm sure. What do you ask?
 Well, it's just...
 Are you sure you aren't getting tired?
 Tired?
 After all these years?
 Tired, Alice. These years with you have been the happiest of my life.
 What?
 Dear, I'm talking about the masquerade.
 Oh, well, Alice, when you first mentioned the masquerade, I may not have been too enthusiastic, but now I'm really looking forward to it.
 You are, Dean.
 Not only that, I promise I'd take you and now this.
 When I give my word, I keep it.
 Oh, Father!
 Yes, Henry, I'm in the living room trying to read.
 You go right on with your readings.
 Sam, it's nice and restful for you.
 What, sir?
 Father, I've turned the whole house upside down and you're my last hope.
 I am.
 Gee, was, do you know where my shin pads are?
 Your shin pads? What do you want them for?
 I'm taking them to the hockey game tonight, Father, and have them autographed.
 I'm afraid I haven't seen them, son.
 You haven't?
 Mother, wait, Father. What are you planning on wearing tonight?
 I don't know yet, Henry. Mr. and Mrs. Brown are looking out for the costumes.
 You're wearing a costume?
 Certainly.
 You are, Father. You really are?
 Yes, I am, and I'm also going to dance.
 You are?
 I am. You're going to dance at a thing like a hockey game?
 What?
 Well, yeah. You know the game you promised you to do take me to tonight.
 When did I promise a thing like that?
 Just before Christmas, Father. When you couldn't take me to that basketball game, you promised.
 When you said the very next time there was a hockey game, no matter if the world came to an end, we'd go.
 Yeah. Well, Henry...
 Henry, I just want you to know that there's nothing I'd rather do than take you to that hockey game.
 Why, isn't it lucky I reminded you?
 Yes.
 Especially since I already turned down three different New Year's Eve parties.
 Oh, you did?
 Sure.
 And none of the kids would believe me when I told them how my father thought enough of me,
 to turn over the entire end of his old year to me.
 Henry, Henry, would you excuse me a minute?
 -Surefire. -Alice.
 -Yes, sir. -Alice.
 -The browns didn't phone, did they? -The browns.
 -They said they'd get all the costumes,
 and my goodness, it's the middle of the afternoon now.
 -Alice, Alice, I just got a wonderful idea.
 -You did, dear? -Why don't we put on our coats and hats,
 say, next Saturday night, and go down to the mansion house for dinner?
 -Why, thank you. -And go dancing afterwards.
 Afterward you know really make a night of it. Then you'd be like that like it by Sam
 I did don't read fine then Alice and dear I think you get more thoughtful every day
 Well my goodness how many husbands realize how tired we were getting our own cooking all the time
 Alice what I had in mind was that we would do that in place of going to the masquerade tonight
 But dear I've been looking forward to this masquerade
 Well, look, Alice, why don't we make a night of it?
 Not just next Saturday, but every Saturday night in the year.
 What?
 You know make a regular date of it.
 My goodness.
 Instead of going to the masquerade tonight.
 So naturally, Sam, if you're feeling your age, of course I won't drag you out.
 Alice, I am not feeling my age.
 Well, there...
 Suddenly you do look awfully haggis.
 Mother, I can't find the coconut!
 I'll look for it, Mary.
 But, Alice...
 Oh, Henry?
 Yes, Father.
 Henry, you know, Henry, when I wasn't able to take you to that basketball game, well,
 I was a very good example of the way things have been in 1948.
 But not next year.
 No.
 No, sir.
 Next year's son is going to be a big change.
 You and I are going to be closer.
 We are?
 We are.
 D, that's well, Father.
 Boy, what a swell way to start the new year off, going to a hockey game together.
 Well, this is still 1948, Henry.
 Why start a new regime tonight?
 Why not start it, say, any night next week that you name?
 Next.
 Well, sure, but...
 And we'll go out on the town and have the time of our lives.
 We will.
 Absolutely.
 Even if...
 Even if the world comes to an end?
 Uh, yes.
 Well, sure, that's okay, Father.
 Now you're sure, are you, son?
 Sure.
 Sure, that's what you'd rather do.
 I mean, I don't want to appear to be forcing you into anything.
 No, it's okay, father.
 After all, hockey is rather a strenuous form of amusement for a man of my age.
 Well, I mean...
 Sure, father, I understand.
 You really do?
 Well, I'll find somebody younger to go with.
 with.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 But Homer, Homer, are you still there?
 Sure.
 Oh, how about it?
 Nothing doing, Henry.
 But look, Homer, who really wants to go to Willy's party
 on New Year's Eve?
 I do.
 Do you sit around, play stupid games,
 wear your feet out dancing, and watch a lot of dumb girls
 watching you to see if you're watching them.
 (laughing)
 But boy, you go to a hockey game, see?
 And they're all these swell players
 and there's this little piece of rubber.
 - Sure, and all I do is chase it around.
 - Oh, or they do a lot more than that.
 Boy, they trip up each other with their sticks
 and push each other into the side.
 Sometimes a player even lands in your lap.
 - In my lap.
 - Sure.
 - No kidding.
 - Sure.
 - I'd rather go to the party.
 (laughing)
 - But a homer.
 - Then you can go to the hockey game.
 All by myself?
 Sure, I just think you'd have one seat to sit in and one seat for any player that might land there.
 See, that wouldn't be any fun.
 Well, I'd like to bum around with you, Han, only...
 ...she a hockey game.
 Isn't there anything you'd rather do than go to Willy's party?
 Well, what I'd really like is to go to that masquerade.
 The masquerade?
 Sure that our folks are going to.
 See, they're giving prizes and everything.
 Well, then why don't we both go?
 You need money to rent costumes.
 My father gave me an extra dollar and if I could sell my hockey tickets, I'd have enough money.
 How could you sell them at this late date? Everybody will have plans.
 For the sake of your new year, Homer, the least I can do is try.
 Hello?
 Hello, Sam.
 Oh, hello there, Will. Everything all set for the masquerades.
 You betcha, Sam.
 Fine.
 Just the thought of getting out on the dance floor makes me feel like a boy, I guess.
 Sam, I phone to tell you we have the costumes.
 Good. What are they?
 We're going as the four seasons of the year.
 Hey, that's a darn good idea, Will.
 Your winter.
 What?
 Your winter, Sam.
 Oh, I am.
 You wear a long white beard, seeing you even have a cane.
 A cane, huh?
 Yours, so you won't even have to dance, Sam.
 All you have to do is hobble around all evening.
 I see. Well, well, that's just great.
 I'm glad you like the idea, Sam.
 Oh, I do. I do indeed.
 What are you, Will?
 I'm Summer.
 Summer, I see.
 Well, so long we'll get together later and try the costumes on.
 Fine, goodbye, Will.
 Oh, Alice.
 Yes, Sam.
 Alice, how old is Will Brown?
 Why, I'm not sure, dear.
 Is me a couple of years older than I am.
 Yes, I believe he is.
 Why, what's the matter?
 Nothing, Alice.
 Nothing at all.
 [Music]
 But Homer, listen to reason.
 Can we stand aside?
 Where are you going?
 Oh, but Homer, it's the only costume he has left.
 It isn't my fault.
 It isn't my fault either, and I refuse to have anything to do with it.
 But I've already sold my hockey tickets, Homer,
 and you promised you'd go to the masquerade with me.
 Not in this costume.
 Why can't go in and alone?
 Listen Henry, I'm not being the back end of any horse in that sense.
 Is that all it's worth? Look, you can be the front end.
 No, I'm not starting the new year by being any part of a horse.
 But a home, I...
 Henry, I said no. Do you think I want to dance with you all evening back to front?
 Sam, what are you trying to say?
 Simply this, Alice, that some time ago I gave Henry my word I'd go to a hockey game within this evening.
 But Sam, what about the brown?
 That's unfortunate, Alice, but the more I think about it, the more I feel my first duty is to my son.
 But think of how disappointed they'll be.
 I know and I'm sorry, but they'll just have to find themselves another winner.
 Sam, what do you mean?
 Right. Nothing.
 And what about me, dear?
 Alice, I'm sorry about that, but I'll make it up to you next week.
 Did you mean I have to stay home tonight with Mary and Kermit?
 What do you do right here in this house?
 Yes, Mary.
 You mean, right in the living world?
 Excuse me, I'd better phone the bra.
 But mother!
 That's all right, Mary.
 I won't bother you and Kermit.
 I can fix myself up very comfortably in the kitchen.
 In the kitchen?
 I'll be fine, Mary.
 I'll take an armchair out there and dust nip.
 My goodness, we wouldn't think of letting you do a thing like that.
 Well, Mary, if you really don't object...
 Come and help bring the radio out in the kitchen for you.
 Mary, do you need to say you've really banished your own mother to the kitchen on New Year's
 - Mother! - Yes, Henry!
 - Has anyone phone for me while I was out?
 - No, dear.
 - No one at all. Not even Homer. No, Henry.
 - Oh. - Henry!
 - Yes, Father. - Come in here, please.
 I've been looking for you.
 - Mother, you don't understand. Yes, I do, Mary.
 I understand perfectly.
 - Henry, I have news for you.
 - You mean Homer changed his mind about going with me?
 - Henry, I am going with you.
 - You are?
 - Yes, sir. I managed to change my other plans, and, son, you can count me in.
 - I can. That's definite, Father.
 - It is. I may have been forced to go back on my word a few times in the past, but not anymore Henry.
 - Oh boy, then let's try it on. - Try what on?
 - The costume. - What?
 - I have it right down the hall, Father. And boy, it's the best darn-looking horse you ever saw.
 - Horse? Now wait a minute. I thought we were going to a hockey game.
 - Nothing more, Father. We're going to the masquerade instead, as of course.
 - Now wait. - You're in the back end.
 - Now wait. - You just promised, Father.
 - I know, but I thought, Henry, you don't expect me to walk around all over the place.
 me to walk around all evening, fed over double.
 But father, I'm not a young man, Henry.
 Probably you mean you're backing out again?
 No, but--
 After you said we were going to be closer this year?
 Not that close.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [applause]
 Yes, getting back to the troubles of Henry Oldridge.
 Mr. and Mrs. Oldridge had made arrangements to attend a New Year's Eve
 with the Browns when Henry informed his father of a promise to take him to a hockey game tonight.
 Due to his efforts to keep his word to everyone, Mr. Aldrich has now wound up as the hind end of a horse.
 The scene opens in the Browns living room. It is late the same afternoon.
 Mother, would you phone William Marshall for me?
 What for, hold on. Tell him it looks as though I'm going to recover and I'll be able to go to his party tonight after all.
 Because of the what my pneumonia my pneumonia what pneumonia my mother he thinks I'm staying home with pneumonia
 Instead of going to his new year's party. You're not going to go these party
 I told him I wasn't but she was I'll be during if I'll be a whore home
 But just because you're hoarse is no reason to think you're coming down with pneumonia
 What just going gargled here, but mother a whole but do is your told cat you see I'm busy thinking okay
 But gargling isn't gonna straighten me out with Willie. Yeah, you just have to have faith
 Hey, I know, but, whoa.
 Out of my way.
 Mother! Mother!
 Mother, what's in that?
 Mother, there's a tree out in our hall.
 A tree.
 And it spoke to me.
 Oh, dear, that's no tree. That's your father.
 Why? I get off my lap.
 Here I am, Elizabeth. How do I look?
 Father, is that really you?
 Sure, I'm summer.
 You're why?
 I'm summer. Summer.
 Oh, boy.
 We'll stop fooling around with that costume
 You and help me find a spring and winter who spring and winter did they just back down. What's that?
 She was all going upstairs and I don't
 Elizabeth, what do you mean they back down? We'll be ordered. You said you decided they can't come to the masquerade tonight
 Well, I shall find that now we'll calm down. You're shedding your leaves
 There's the phone but Elizabeth, what are we going to do? We can't go just this food season
 Well, I've been trying to think how we could convert our costumes. I'm afraid it's hopeless. Oh
 Hello, oh Elizabeth. This is Sam Orange. Oh, Sam, you'll never know how disappointed we are
 Well, that's what I called about it. Even if I can't make it do you think you could still fit Alice in a spring?
 Well, the only thing is Sam. Wouldn't the three of us look a little awkward without winter?
 Nonsense, Elizabeth. If there's one season you can dispense with it's certainly winter. Well, maybe we can work out something. Oh, I'd appreciate it, Elizabeth. Goodbye.
 Elizabeth, was that Sam on the phone? Yes. He wants to know we can fit Alice in his spring. You mean all by herself?
 But who will we get as winter?
 I have any idea. Unless...
 Yeah?
 Well, I've got this. What?
 He's not going anywhere tonight.
 Oh, Homer!
 Yes, you want to go?
 Come down here and try on this beard!
 [music]
 Father, could you hold the horses tail still a minute?
 Henry, what are you doing?
 Well, the trouble is when I put my head in first,
 My feet won't go in.
 Why putting your feet in first?
 Are your feet in, Father?
 Yes.
 Maybe I should sort of bend over.
 Father, what happened?
 The hind legs are sticking straight up in the air.
 Yes, and I'm on my back.
 Well, maybe that's the way to do it.
 We both lie on our back, see and stick all our four feet up in the air.
 Now, wait a minute.
 Gee, it's going to be fun, Father.
 Dad, will you see that to the phone?
 Well, I'll try.
 I'll get it, Father.
 - Henry, stop pulling my leg. - That's my leg, Father.
 - Hello. That's your leg over there. - It is?
 - Well, whose arm is this? - Uh, now wait. Now wait.
 - Isn't anybody going to ask it a call? - Now, Henry, let's take one leg at a time.
 - Hello. - Hello. Is that you, Mary?
 - Yes, is that you, Kermit? - Yes. Hello.
 - Hello. My, it was nice of you to phone. - Mary, I have some news for you.
 - You have? I am used for you too, Kermit. - You have?
 You have? What is it?
 You tell me yours.
 No, you tell me yours.
 No, you do.
 Well...
 Well, first of all, I made something wonderful for you to eat tonight.
 You did? That's wonderful because, frankly, Mary, I am getting a little tired of macaroons.
 Oh. Oh, my goodness.
 And not that I'm not crazy about your macaroons, Mary.
 But that's all right, Kermitty, goodbye.
 You're leaving?
 Yes, I have to go, and that is... yes.
 But, Mary, I haven't told you my new.
 Well, could you tell me quickly?
 Sure. We're going to a hockey game tonight.
 For hockey games.
 Yeah, I'm get to, soldie the ticket.
 I'm at a hockey game on New Year's Eve.
 Yeah, isn't that swell?
 And Mary?
 Mary, are you there?
 Yes, but my goodness, I was looking forward to...
 To...
 To what?
 Kermit, if you don't know, I'm certain I'm going to tell you and goodbye.
 Mary, what's all the commotion on here?
 Either I think you better just hate both.
 What?
 You're all the same, every one of you.
 Mary, what did I do now?
 Well, then I think I've got that horse lick, Father.
 Henry, you can forget about that horse.
 Forget about it.
 I can see your heart isn't in it, son.
 Now, where are those hockey tickets?
 I haven't got them.
 Forget them.
 When I say I'm going to take you to a hockey game, Henry,
 then that's what I'm going to do.
 But, Bobby--
 I'm not going to palm off a masquerade on you instead.
 But, Father, I can't get the hockey tickets.
 I sold them to Kermit.
 What?
 I see.
 Excuse me, Henry.
 Father, you mean you're going to change your mind again?
 Alice?
 I'm in the kitchen, Sam.
 Well, look.
 Would you like one of Mary's macaroons, dear?
 No thank you. Alice I've been thinking it over.
 Thinking what over?
 And while I made a promise to Henry, I also made a promise to you.
 Yes but...
 Henry's young. He'll get over it.
 What as you? What as you?
 Whereas I fought.
 Alice would you explain to Henry that you insist I go to the masquerade with you?
 But dear I can't.
 You can't what?
 I can't insist now.
 What do you mean?
 Elizabeth just phoned me and I'm going with someone else.
 What? Alice do you mean to say you're going out tonight with some other man?
 Well, who is he?
 Frankly, dear, I don't know.
 Elizabeth said it would be a surprise.
 That's pretty unbelievable.
 My fan, you're jealous.
 Tell us, I am not.
 Now, dear, you haven't a thing to worry about.
 Alice, you're to call the whole thing off immediately.
 But, Sam, I've given my word.
 Alice?
 And dear, I'm sure that once I've made a promise,
 you wouldn't want me to break it off.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Henry, everything's all settled. You and I are going to that masquerade as a horse.
 But, Father, I thought you didn't want to.
 Only I'm going as the front end, you understand.
 But I can keep an eye on what I can watch, what I can see, what's going on.
 But, Gee, whiz, Father, you're too late.
 What, sir?
 Look, I just got the hockey ticket back from Kermit.
 The hockey ticket?
 Sure. I traded him something for them.
 Kermit, Hannegan, you certainly have your nerves.
 But, Mary, you said you wanted us to be secluded.
 I never think so and so had no my life.
 But Mary, you can be the front end.
 Just a minute.
 (audience laughing)
 What's going on here?
 I can tell you, Father.
 Mr. Aldrich, would you try to explain something to Mary for me?
 - Herman, I'm not dumb.
 I don't need anything explained to me.
 - Mr. Aldrich.
 - I think I'll just stay out of there.
 - But Mr. Aldrich, you're better at managing women
 than I am.
 - Who I?
 - Hello, everybody.
 How do you like my costume?
 - Come on, I'll be very nice.
 - I'm giving you one last chance here and now
 to break your date.
 - Mother, you have a date?
 - Yes, dear.
 with a man this is all room trail Kermit what's wrong with that yes Kermit with a
 man mother a man
 hey this is all room
 Homer we're busy you are you mean you can't go with me
 God heaven did you see what is Homer where did you get that beard
 oh why you mean you're sure I'm winter
 Oh, oh, oh, oh.
 You gotta hold it 'til you laugh.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Father, Father, how do you feel now?
 How do I look, Ted?
 Frankly, terrible.
 Then you know how I feel.
 The only thing is there's only about ten minutes left in 1948.
 Yes.
 Wouldn't it be a better omen if you saw the new year in with a smile?
 Perhaps you're right.
 Father, you want to sit up?
 No, I'm going to try.
 Is a darn good hockey game, wasn't it, Father?
 Yes, son, it was.
 Until they carried me out.
 Gee, that player who got thrown into your lap.
 I think it did him good.
 Well, I'm glad to hear it.
 Sure, he just dusted himself off and jumped back on the ice and scored the winning goal.
 Good for him. Now please hand me that steak again.
 Sure. And how's your eye coming along, father?
 She was, there's the phone. You stay right where you are, father, old-timer.
 Aren't you in me?
 Hello?
 Hello, Henry. How was the hockey game?
 Boy, mother, it was the best one I ever went to. How's the masquerade?
 Just lovely, dear.
 Did you win the grand prize?
 No dear Homer upset the whole apple cart when he discovered his beard was made of
 spun sugar. What happened? He ate it. And Henry may at least speak to your father.
 Father, mother wants you on the phone. Mother, who did win the prize? Mary and
 permit everyone thought they made a wonderful horse. Is that your mother Henry?
 Sure father. You see who's at the door son. Sure father. Hello Alice. Sam I just
 wanted to be the first one to say happy new year to you.
 Well, I thank you, Alice, and the same to you.
 Are you having a good time?
 Frankly, they're not as good a time as if you were here.
 Alice, I'm going to make everything up to you.
 I haven't forgotten the promise, I made you.
 Do you really mean we'll go out someplace every Saturday
 night for the whole year?
 Absolutely.
 Well, my goodness, I'm certainly looking forward to 1949.
 Father!
 Father!
 Oh, just a minute, Alice.
 Father, guess who was at the door?
 Who?
 The man from the hockey rink and he wanted to know how your black eye was.
 Yes.
 And just to show there's no heart feelings, look what he gave us.
 A season pass to all the hockey games.
 What's that?
 Every Saturday night for the whole year.
 [laughter]
 Every Saturday.
 Sam, it's midnight.
 But...
 Happy New Year, Sam.
 Happy New Year, Father.
 Yes.
 Well...
 Happy New Year!
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half hour with your favorite youngster.
 his family and his pals. The old drawing Ezra Stone is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 [applause]
