 [Music]
 Henry Henry, old great coming mother.
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the oldest family, transcribed and written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 [applause]
 [music]
 Everyone knows Centerville, USA, because it's your own hometown,
 and everyone knows the Aldrich family because they're your very next-door neighbors.
 And everyone especially knows Henry Aldrich,
 Because he's your son's pal, your daughter's boyfriend, a real American boy.
 The scene is the Aldridge living room, the time is early evening.
 Henry, get washed, dinner's almost ready.
 All right, mother.
 Sam, I think Henry's getting ideas again about my birthday present this year.
 I hope you gave him a clear hint as to what I wanted.
 I did.
 A clear hint?
 I told him you wanted Hemingway's new book, The Old Man in the Sea.
 Is that a clear hint?
 Well, Henry, I'm not sure.
 Did he say anything?
 No, but I had a definite feeling
 he was wondering why you were interested
 in other old men when you had me.
 Not dear.
 I just hope it sinks in.
 I don't want another pair of Siamese fighting fish
 like last year.
 It was depressing the way those two fish hated each other.
 Father?
 I've been here with your mother, Henry.
 Jimus, I didn't mean to interrupt.
 It's all right, dear.
 I was just telling your father how much I wanted to read the old man in the sea.
 The old man and...
 What's that mother?
 Sam.
 I'll try again.
 Father, did I tell you what I'm going to put over on Charlie Clark?
 Boy, am I going to make money.
 Put over on him.
 Henry, I hope you're not planning to do something you shouldn't.
 Oh, no.
 Charlie wants to buy this flashlight, see?
 And I'm going to...
 You're telling the flashlight I bought you this summer?
 Oh, no, sir. One just like it.
 Looks the same to me.
 Well, sure.
 They're both super ray hydrogent cosmic beams.
 Only this one doesn't work.
 Oh.
 Charlie wants to buy my super ray hydrogent cosmic beam.
 Only I wouldn't sell it, see.
 But today I happen to be talking to another guy.
 And he said, just casually, do you
 want to buy a super ray hydrogent cosmic beam?
 And it was exactly like mine, except for the difference.
 So I said, I'll give you $0.25 for it.
 He said, $30.
 I said, no, $25.
 He said--
 How much did you finally pay for it?
 $0.30.
 And now you have two super hyped something or other cosmic beams?
 Well, sure.
 But isn't it clear, Father?
 I'll buy batteries for 25 cents, so one flashlight to Charlie for a dollar and make 50 cents clear for profit.
 Mmm.
 Father, would you care to take a look at it?
 Why should I look at it?
 Boy, just tell me, maybe you'd like to make an offer.
 I have a flashlight.
 But do you have one you can buy for a dollar?
 I mean, well, this one will help you see where you're going.
 I'm sorry, Henry, but I know where I'm going.
 Mother, would you like to get in on the opportunity?
 Mother, I think the potatoes are ready.
 Be right there, Mary.
 Would you, Mother?
 No, thank you, Henry.
 You wouldn't be interested in owning something
 that could keep you from stumbling over stuff?
 Mother?
 Apparently she'd rather stumble.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Father, now that Mother's going, I can tell you
 why I'm making all this money.
 Oh, all right.
 It's for her birthday.
 Well, I thought you had some money, at least enough,
 to give her that book she wants.
 Well, I have, Father, but I certainly don't want to give her just a book for her birthday.
 After she's slaved over me all these years, she wants Hemingway's book, son.
 This flashlight is only the beginning. I'll make at least 50 cents on it.
 Then I'll invest that and double it. Then I'll invest that and triple it.
 She's by the time her birthday comes around, I can get her anything.
 What she wants, Henry, is the book.
 Henry?
 Yes, Mother?
 Will you answer the phone, please?
 And if it's for you, keep it short.
 Dinner's in five minutes.
 Sure, Mother.
 You know, Father, I wonder why more people don't go into business.
 Please answer the phone.
 Yes, sir.
 I'm answering it.
 Hello?
 Henry, my mother said you wanted me to call you about something,
 and I'm also to say we've got to eat in three minutes.
 Oh, is that you, Charlie?
 Hello, Charlie, old timer?
 What do you want, Henry?
 It's a great opportunity, Charlie.
 I've located a swell super ray hydrojet cosmic beam.
 So what?
 Well, I might be willing to sell it to you.
 I don't want one anymore.
 You don't want one?
 I'm going to save up and get a camera.
 Oh gee whiz Charlie, that leaves me holding two super...
 That's no way to do business.
 Who's talking about business? I just want a camera now.
 Well, wouldn't you like a flashlight so you could see where you're going?
 I'd rather take pictures and see where I've been.
 But Charlie, so long.
 Oh boy.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 I've got to go to class, Henry.
 Either you do or you don't want to buy this camera.
 But home or $2 for a second hand camera?
 You sound like my mother at the meat market.
 Wait a minute.
 Would you take this Super Ray Hydro Jet Cosmic Beam for it?
 That?
 Well gee, let's see it.
 It doesn't like any ordinary flashlight.
 Well let's see.
 Just press the old Super Ray button here and well if you had a battery you'd get your
 cosmic beam.
 Oh boy.
 I don't want it.
 I'll wait a minute Homer.
 I'm not asking you to pay me for this.
 I'll give it to you for the camera.
 Well give me the Super Ray Hydro Jet Cosmic Beam and a dollar.
 I'll give you the super ray hydrojet cosmic beam in 50 cents.
 A dollar.
 Fifty.
 Seventy-five.
 Sixty.
 Sixty-five.
 So.
 So.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You know Homer, that's the way I like to do business.
 And if you see Charlie Clark, tell him I've got something for him.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 But she, wisdom, other Charlie's only coming over for a little while
 tonight.
 For how long, dear?
 probably haggle a little. How long will it take you to haggle? It depends on who's the best haggler.
 Only I'm sure I can out haggle him. Henry, your pardon by mentioning anything is unimportant
 his homework. It's perfectly all right, Father. Thank you. When are you going to attend to it?
 Just as soon as I've cleaned up Charlie. And don't worry, Father. The assignment tonight is a breeze.
 It's an essay and I've got it all down in my mind. And may I suggest you start transferring it
 it from your mind to paper.
 Pardon?
 Start writing.
 Well, it won't take me a half hour, honest.
 We all have to write about the profession
 I am preparing for.
 Well, that's fine.
 You know, I wasn't much older than you when I started
 thinking seriously about preparing myself for law.
 For law, huh?
 For law?
 Well, the only thing that really appeals to me
 is selling things.
 Selling things?
 Sure.
 I buy something for a little, and I sell it to you for a lot.
 Why do you want to do that, dear?
 Oh, she, mother, I guess I have an act for it, that's all.
 Maybe it's hereditary. Did we ever have any tycoons in our family?
 I don't mind your shooting, hi, son, but don't overlook the legal profession.
 Well...
 It isn't bad, you know.
 I provided a very comfortable home here, haven't I? As a lawyer?
 Well, sure, father.
 But wasn't the man that sold it to you a business man?
 He was.
 There you are.
 He's got all your money and all you got was this house.
 Boy, I hope that isn't Charlie yet.
 But you're expecting him.
 Only Toby's supposed to get here first.
 I agreed to Charlie, but Toby...
 He's part of the same deal, mother.
 If you want to see how big business operates, stick around.
 Bang.
 Oh boy, Toby, for a minute I was afraid you were Charlie.
 Well, I'm not. I know it. Come on in.
 What do you want me to come over for?
 I want you to help me do something.
 Come on, Toby. We'll go in the dining room.
 What's that about, Henry?
 First of all, you're positive you don't want to buy a camera.
 Henry, I'm in the position of not being able to buy even a package or chewing gum.
 Well, look, maybe we can work a little commission out of this.
 Charlie Clark does want to buy it, see.
 But he'll try to get it from me cheap.
 And what do I do?
 You'll wait out here alone, see?
 And then when you hear Charlie make an offer on my camera, you come into the living room as though you wanted it, and offer 10 cents more.
 But, Henry, I just explained my financial situation.
 You don't need any money, Toby.
 This is just a way to encourage business.
 Henry, you have another guess.
 Yes, mother, I'm getting things ready for him.
 I raised Charlie 10 cents.
 Sure.
 OK.
 Now stay here.
 While I go into the living room.
 OK.
 Henry.
 Coming, father.
 Hello, Henry.
 Hi there, Charlie.
 Sit on, my friend.
 Oh, uh, mother, father, do you mind if we discuss
 a little business in front of you?
 Of course, someday when I have my own office.
 Thank you.
 but I think I'll do some work out in the garage.
 - Well, there's a frost tonight.
 Sam is too cold to work out there.
 - Then the basement.
 - But if you really like to stay here--
 - I'm not that bloodthirsty.
 - Sam, I wanna show you where I'd like another shelf for preserves.
 - What did your father mean about not being bloodthirsty?
 - Well, it's just a family expression.
 Here, Charlie, take a more comfortable chair.
 - What's wrong with this?
 - Well, I just thought you'd feel better with your head, tip back.
 Nah.
 Um...
 How was it out, Charlie?
 Still cold?
 Ice on the puddles.
 Early for this time of year.
 Mm-hmm.
 How's your family?
 They're pretty well.
 My sister was just vaccinated on her arm.
 Say that reminds me.
 Still need a camera?
 Know where I could get one?
 A cheap?
 I think I could put my hands on one.
 What's that in your pocket?
 This?
 Well, I'll be dog gone.
 It's a camera.
 Let's see it.
 Too bad I can't sell it to you.
 You can't?
 No.
 Not for less than $2.00 anyhow.
 Did you hear me, Charlie?
 I say not for less than $2.00.
 I heard you.
 Of course, if you don't want it, I have someone that is interested.
 Yeah?
 In just a second.
 I thought I heard something out toward the dining room.
 Like what?
 Nothing.
 I guess I didn't.
 You offered me two dollars Charlie?
 I can hear you Henry.
 I said two dollars Charlie?
 I haven't got that much.
 Oh, well how much have you got?
 50 cents.
 50 cents, that's all?
 Yeah, take back your camera.
 -But Charlie? -I thought you wanted a camera.
 I do. Well how are you gonna buy it with only 50 cents?
 That's what I'm telling you, I can't.
 But Charlie, don't you have any sense of responsibility?
 Would you let me swap you anything for it?
 What have you got?
 Well, would you be interested in a thing that's at home in our attic that cost $8.95 when it was new?
 Hey, what is it? A very good beach umbrella.
 What?
 Didn't you ever hear of a beach umbrella?
 What would I do with it? Sit under it!
 So you don't get sunburned.
 Don't you know anyone that wouldn't like to get sunburned?
 Well, I might be able to do something with it.
 It's still as good as new. It's hardly ever been sat on that.
 You'll swap it for this camera and $1.
 Now, wait, Charlie. You aren't supposed to be selling me anything.
 I'm selling you something.
 That's why I invited you over.
 Look, I'll give you the camera and 50 cents for the umbrella.
 50 cents!
 60 cents!
 Who said that?
 I said it.
 But, you whizzer, you hear Toby?
 Sure. Our father's banana and the kitchen, is it all art?
 Toby off a sixty Henry do you make up seven but listen I'm like a day now wait
 Toby you don't even know what this is about he made it 80 cents didn't he
 told me this is between Charlie and me you make it 90 Henry no I will it's painted
 orange and green and I'll make all this until we eat your banana Charlie I'll
 offer you the camera in a dollar sold you want to come over and get it Henry
 sure let's do that Henry I certainly hope you aren't planning to go out in the
 cold without your windbreaker on. Well it's only to get a beach umbrella mother
 that costs eight dollars and ninety five cents. I'll be back before you know it.
 Hello Mrs. Foye. This is Mary Aldrich. I'm not interrupting your dinner am I? Oh fine.
 Yes, we finished quite a while ago too.
 In a way, that's why I'm calling.
 By any chance of you seeing my brother tonight.
 He did.
 Jerry, are you calling?
 Yes, another.
 Well, if he comes by again,
 will you tell him to come home?
 Thank you.
 Goodbye.
 Henry was there, and Mrs. Boy, he's all confused
 because he went into a long rigamar
 all about the dangers of winter sun.
 - Oh, really?
 Well, this time, Henry will simply have to go
 without his dinner.
 - Hi, everybody.
 - Evening, mother.
 - I don't even want to bite to eat.
 - Good.
 I wouldn't even think of troubling you.
 - Fine, and my conscience won't bother me.
 - Henry, where have you been?
 - We've phoned all over.
 - Well, I think the last place.
 Yes, I just came from Mrs. Ross's.
 - Did she buy the umbrella?
 - No, Mary.
 She says she won't need to keep the son offer
 until next July.
 Mary.
 Henry for the tenth time I don't want to be Tumbrella. Get washed up Henry. I'll heat up some supper for you.
 Mother I thought you said he was. I'm weak Mary. Now listen Mary you may not want an umbrella
 but there are some birthdays coming along in a few weeks. I don't want an umbrella either. Nor do I.
 Oh good evening father. Hi Henry. Alice I finished that shelf for your preserve downstairs. You want to see it?
 later do you know that you make quite a bit on your number of dollars on
 she was father doesn't question how much i make on it
 i mean
 with a valuable bargain like that
 it's a question of deciding who will who are let in on the deal
 that's the way i look at it out that now listen mary obby
 chumbrella when the frost is on the pumpkin
 married you know anybody who's going to florida
 well everyone in family
 Oh no, they're going to Vermont for the skiing.
 Excuse me, I'll see who's at the door.
 Skiing is kind of dangerous, isn't it?
 I wonder if I could persuade you to go to--
 I think I should--
 How much have you put into that umbrella so far?
 Well, so far, only a dollar and 90 cents.
 But it's all from others present.
 You're out, a dollar, 90?
 Well, I'm out at the moment, but I'm hoping to come back.
 From the limb?
 Father, I think you're just looking at this
 as though I weren't getting anywhere.
 night before last i had a flashlight
 and i got a camera with it
 now i've got an umbrella
 don't you call it progress
 well i'm only a lawyer i don't know a thing about big business
 in big business
 you have to think that
 and she wants to know if we have any old mayonnaise jars
 any what
 hot and he didn't mean mister alder evening agnes what do you want me an
 a-charge for i'm collecting them
 That's an interesting hobby.
 Mr. Aldrich, my hobby is men, not mayonnaise.
 I need them for something else, Henry.
 Well, there's some in the basement.
 OK, Agnes, follow me.
 Be careful on the static.
 Agnes, what do you do with the jars?
 Just something.
 I've been working my head off getting them.
 Mayonnaise jars?
 Isn't that a bore?
 I suppose any jar might do except in the speech
 that Congressman Mayday said mayonnaise jars.
 You mean they're worth something?
 Can you keep quiet about it?
 Sure.
 I mean, because if more people realize the possibilities,
 everyone in Sederville might start saving Mayonnaise jars.
 What speech?
 What Congressman?
 It was just a squib in the newspaper a week or so ago.
 Yeah?
 It had to do with conserving tin, see?
 And this congressman is trying to put through a bill
 in Congress where sea rations for the army
 will be put up in things like Mayonnaise jars, for example.
 Instead of tin cans.
 Very interesting.
 And he said the government could help reduce taxes by buying them at low cost from the public.
 Oh boy.
 Do you think the bill passed?
 Father said it was just nutty enough too.
 How much are they going to pay for the jars?
 Well, up to now I've just been collecting.
 I've got nearly 200.
 Gee.
 Agnes, would you be interested in looking at something I have for sale?
 Why?
 It's in the seller closet here.
 How would you like to own that beach umbrella?
 Henry, where'd you get it?
 You like it?
 Henry, yeah!
 It's the best orange and green one I've ever seen.
 Honey, it's beautiful.
 Hey, hey, you're so pretty!
 Yes, mother, I'll be right there.
 Listen, Agnes, how would you like to strike sort of a deal?
 What kind?
 How many of your jars would you give me if I let you have,
 without any cost you whatsoever, this umbrella?
 [applause]
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 Tonight, your radio will be bringing you the tops and comedy, drama, and news if you dial this NBC station.
 First, visit with that curly haired Wonder Boy Phil Harris and his long-suffering wife Alice.
 Tune in just for laughs.
 Then theater guild on the air brings you Wanda Hendrix and Kenny Delmar in Tommy,
 a Broadway comedy of a pretty girl with a mind of her own.
 Mystery fans will want to hear the award-winning dragnet starring Jack Webb
 and presenting another case history from the files of the Los Angeles Police Force.
 Then there are two of the fine news and special event shows
 which have kept NBC the leader in the field.
 Martha Roundtree's public press conference meet the press
 and the American Forum of the Air.
 Stay tuned to your NBC station this evening
 for more top radio entertainment.
 (upbeat music)
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Org.
 Henry, in setting out to raise money
 for his mother's birthday present,
 has gone through a series of intricate
 business transactions only to end up with some mayonnaise jars and so far not a
 cent of profit the scene opens in the Aldrich Hallway
 hello it's Alice dear are you busy with anyone at the office no dear I just had
 to call you Sam I was in Mrs Browning's gift shop this morning and I saw the
 the loveliest China tea set.
 - Oh.
 - You can take that how much is it sound out of your voice, dear.
 Mrs. Browning told me Henry had asked her to hold it for him
 and Sam, it's $20.
 And he told her the price didn't matter.
 He was in a very successful business.
 - Henry did seem pretty happy about something.
 - You saw him today?
 - You dropped by the office.
 Wanted to borrow some of my business stationery.
 Alice-- - Yes?
 - Have you any idea why he'd be writing to Congress?
 Good heavens, no.
 Well, I thought maybe you might.
 It seems to have something to do with your birthday.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 902, 903, 904, 905, 906.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Alice.
 Yes, Sam.
 - What's this under the sofa?
 - Mayonnaise jars.
 - He's keeping, what's wrong with the cellar?
 - I don't think there's any more room in the cellar.
 - Mother, where's my laundry bag?
 - Henry took it out with him.
 - What's more?
 - I got more jars, Mary.
 - Well, my goodness, Henry, I certainly think
 you're overdoing this.
 - Must you put those bottles down right here
 in the living room?
 - It's only for a second, Father.
 Mother, if you could have anything for your birthday
 wanted what would you like if I could have anything not just a book you mean
 yes it's just sort of a hyper theoretical question well to be honest it might be
 a tea set I saw at Browning's gift shop with lavender flowers on the cups is
 that right lavender flowers but I'm afraid it costs far more than I could
 ever pay for it is that right what Mary you've got to take those mayonnaise
 He drives off the front porch.
 Father find a place to put them, Mary.
 Mother, are you actually encouraging Henry?
 Father, I want to make a proposition.
 I do not want to buy any of those jars.
 Oh, it isn't that, Father.
 How would you like to invest?
 Just invest in my business.
 What are you doing, Henry, forming a mayonnaise monopoly?
 Geez.
 She may be I am becoming a sort of empty jar king.
 Right now though I need some working capital.
 Do you mean to say you've actually spent all you have on nothing but jars?
 Well she was, why shouldn't I?
 I'm going to get a swell present for a mother and I'll have a fortune to spend
 when Christmas rolls around.
 Father, do you still wish you could afford to build a wing on the garage for a swell
 machine shop?
 How much have you spent altogether son?
 Just a little over seven dollars.
 And enter there comes a time in every business when the investment must begin
 to show a profit, otherwise a nasty little thing called bankruptcy rears its ugly head.
 Oh, don't you worry. Just as soon as the government sends for the jars...
 Government?
 Just wait, Father.
 Henry, do you know what happened to that large jar of mayonnaise I bought yesterday?
 Yes, Mother. It's on a plate in the icebox.
 - Henry, all great.
 (siren wailing)
 (siren wailing)
 (whistling)
 - Oh boy, the mailman.
 - Henry, breakfast.
 - Just getting the mail, mother.
 Oh boy, it's here.
 - Anything for me, Henry?
 - Yes, sir, but I think it's for me, actually.
 You see, I wrote it on your station area.
 have it please yes sir but if you could read it aloud mmm i mean it'll concern
 me and in a way sort of concerned mother mmm i don't understand there what is
 it fam eat your cereal henry dear constituent this man isn't from our state
 please go on father it takes a man of your large vision to see the wordiness of
 the bill i presented to congress in the interest of conserving tin by using
 glass jars for military ration. Oh boy. Unfortunately my bill has been killed in
 committee. What? Moreover since my own party has not seen fit to renominate me
 for the fourth. Oh boy.
 Well Sam isn't it nice to come home and not find a house full of mayonnaise
 -Where'd they all go? -I don't know. I simply came up the front walk this afternoon as a truck was
 leaving loaded with them. -Mother, is there going to phone call for me this afternoon? -Not that I know of.
 -Get a good bargain for your jars, Henry. -Boy, did I, did I? -Well, sure. I met a boy that lives out on a farm, see.
 And I just happened to mention casually that I'd been saving mayonnaise jars for the government.
 And right away he wanted to buy them. I hoped you told him the government couldn't use them.
 use them. Mother, there wasn't any reason I should tell them was there. Dear, I think you should have.
 Well, you didn't even ask me, Mother. And in business, if someone doesn't ask you something, you don't tell them.
 How much did you make? Well, that part would be hard to say. I've got to do a little figuring first.
 Didn't you sell for cash? Cash, Father? When I could get a better proposition?
 What did you trade the jars for? Just a little something. And there's always a good market for it.
 I hope you didn't have to pay anything in addition to the jars.
 Just two dollars.
 You've put two more dollars.
 Everybody you want it on the phone.
 I am? It's from me, Mary. Gee whiz.
 I'll be right back, Father.
 I'll be out if you can rise.
 Hello? Is this the Senate Bill Meat Market?
 Well, look. How much would you pay for a pig?
 A pig.
 How much a pound?
 Is that all?
 Well, gee whiz, my mother was complaining about the price of pork chops.
 I don't see why she should have a whole pig o-
 Oh, whole sale.
 Well, well, I wish you'd come out and look at her.
 Only remember, I'm in business to make money.
 Yes, sir.
 Goodbye.
 Who were you talking to, Henry?
 Mother, how did you say you were paying for pork chops?
 Wait a minute, pork chops.
 As an average, for the best?
 for the best.
 Alice, what do you think I just found out in the garage?
 Why?
 Ha ha!
 Did you say a hog, Sam?
 Yes, Alice, in the garage.
 Father, let me explain.
 You know where it came from?
 Yes, sir.
 All right.
 I'll give you just five minutes to get it out.
 It's my investment.
 Alice, dear, would you mind if Henry and I had a serious talk together?
 No, dear.
 I'm afraid it's time.
 Sit down, Henry.
 Henry.
 Well, I mean, I suggest something.
 Sit.
 Yes, sir.
 This farm boy.
 What's his name?
 Billy Weber.
 Oh, yes.
 Weber.
 I know his father.
 He had a bad time of it because of the dry spell last summer.
 I know.
 Billy did say the pig was a little too thin to market.
 Only I was hoping by the time Mother's birthday came around.
 Henry.
 Henry, I think you should give Billy back his pig.
 Well, if he was dumb enough to buy those jars,
 If I sell the pig, I lose only $4 now.
 If I give her back to Billy, I lose everything.
 Besides, I don't want those jars back.
 - I don't need it.
 - I've sunk every cent I have into this.
 - I'm interested, Henry.
 What are you going to do?
 - I won't be able to give mother even a book.
 I'll have to cancel the tea set.
 I'll give him back the pig, Father.
 - I'm glad.
 (door slams)
 - Anybody home?
 - In here, Homer.
 - Hey, you got any more mayonnaise jars to sell?
 - Why?
 You know that Billy, wherever you sold them to?
 Hello, Mr. Albridge.
 - Hello, Homer.
 - Yeah, Homer, what happened?
 He sold them, he sold them all.
 3,000 of them at a half a cent each.
 - To who?
 - The state agricultural laboratories.
 They grow cultures in them.
 - Half a cent?
 He made 15 bucks on the jars.
 Plus what you paid them.
 - Oh boy.
 You know what?
 I'm gonna make Billy take the pig back
 and give me what he got to the jars.
 - You are?
 - Just because his family needs the money
 shouldn't be any reason
 why I should let him get away with it.
 Naturally, especially since in the profession you are entering business is business.
 Sure.
 Supposing I've been poor and he's taken advantage of me.
 How would I have...
 I mean...
 How would you have felt?
 Well, it would have been...
 The dirty trick.
 Sort of.
 And Henry, did I tell you about Agnes selling your beach umbrella?
 To who?
 To a junk man.
 She got two dollars for it.
 He's gonna put it on his wagon.
 You think it's actually possible that I'm not cut out for business?
 Henry, Henry, what do you think?
 They're what?
 Mr. Davis from the meat market just went out to look at your pig.
 She did?
 Henry, she's a mother! She's a mother!
 She's a waltz!
 I've got any little pigs.
 If you want them off your hand, he'll give you $20 for the whole business.
 $20? $20?
 I'll break exactly even.
 Father, didn't I tell you my investment would come out all right?
 come out all right.
 In this national election year, one obligation of citizenship heads all the rest.
 The obligation of every qualified voter to go to the polls and vote.
 The ballot you will receive this year is a symbol of your personal dignity.
 There is no man whose ballot is more important than yours.
 No man whose ballot will count for more.
 On election day you will have as much power as much responsibility in the shaping of your
 country and your way of life as the most influential person.
 Don't ignore this priceless possession.
 Vote as you please, but register and vote.
 See you at the polls.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Henry, I thought you were going to sell your pigs.
 I did, Father.
 I sold them all.
 And what are those bags of feed doing out in the garage?
 She was, Father.
 That isn't feeding those bags.
 No.
 What is it?
 Isn't it clear?
 Mother's birth is only three weeks off.
 I've gone back to collecting mayonnaise jars.
 Now wait a minute.
 The Aldrich family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Johnny Fiedler.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are house Jameson and Catherine Rot.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [Music]
 Good to the gun next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich family.
 Good night, everybody.
 [Applause]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 [Music]
