 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Oldrich!
 Coming, mother!
 The Oldrich family!
 A special rebroadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations.
 [Music]
 They say that youngsters ought never grow up because when they're young they're happy.
 However teenage boys like Henry Aldrich may be happy alright, but that isn't the whole story.
 The scene opens in the old rich kitchen.
 Hey Henry, I'm here.
 Homer, is that you? She was having fun and getting in touch with you.
 Listen, Henry, have you got anything in the house worth eating?
 Eating Homer? Look, did you see Kathleen at school today?
 Yeah, sure. Did she happen to mention my name, by any chance?
 I don't know whether she mentioned your name. I had enough troubles today.
 Boy, do you know how much time I had for lunch? Well, all I know is Homer. Something's happened.
 And then Mr. Nelson caught me with a piece of pie hidden in my chemistry lab table.
 Henry, could you see the front door, please?
 Yes, Mother, I'm going to the door.
 Homer, would you be willing to do something for me?
 Here's a box of flowers for all, Rich.
 For all, Rich, she wins.
 You all, Rich? Sure. Thanks for I'm up.
 Okay.
 She lives here, me, who's sending you flowers.
 Now listen, Homer.
 My mother makes some cookies today, I think,
 and if you could do a little something for me,
 I might be able to get you a couple.
 But what is it you want me to do?
 Well, first, you can't mean most speak to me.
 She wouldn't speak to me all day.
 What kind are they, Henry?
 Do they have raisins in them?
 in them, raisins and wands.
 I thought you mother made some cookies.
 Hey, Ray, what was that?
 It was a door.
 Nothing, mother.
 It was just a box for you.
 Homer, will you please put on a phone call to Kathleen
 and just accidentally ask her why she saw her at me?
 Well, first, let's see the cookies.
 All right, all right.
 Henry, what's in the box?
 I'm bringing it, mother.
 Homer, do you stay where you are?
 If she has more than one time, I'd like to see both.
 Your mother, it isn't anything just some flowers.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Flowers?
 For me?
 Sure.
 Hello, Aunt Harriet.
 Hello, Henry.
 Hello, Alice.
 I'm sending you flowers.
 Mother, could I take a plate of cookies in the home, or please?
 A plate!
 I won't break it.
 He's going to put on a phone call for me.
 Dear, you may take a cookie into him if you'd like to, but you may not take a plate full.
 But Mother, he had trouble with his pie in chemistry.
 What's that?
 Hey, Henry, tell your mother that if she'd like to have me, I can also stay for supper.
 Henry, take the cookie jar at her home, or please hurry.
 Yes, Mother, sure.
 Thanks very much.
 Now, that's what kind of flowers are they?
 Why, uh...
 They're red roses.
 You don't say.
 I'm so lovely and Harriet look at the card.
 Yes, or the from.
 Why isn't that nice?
 Who are they from?
 Well, isn't that nice?
 Alice, let me see that card.
 Look, Harriet, it says, "From your loving husband."
 Who's he?
 Oh, Sam!
 Sam sent you the horse?
 Of course!
 I know, but why?
 Well, because Harriet, why not?
 He might have sent them for any number of reasons.
 When's Mother say they she?
 Mother, Homer wanted me to tell you those cookies were very good and...
 Boy, who sent you the flowers? Your father did.
 He did? Why? Why?
 Now Henry. Hey, Henry.
 I'm coming home. I'm out. If I see Sam today, I'll make it a fun.
 Do what? Hurry up, Henry.
 What's Kathleen's number again?
 Elm 344.
 When she answers, are you going to do what I suggested?
 Sure I am. I don't have any trouble.
 Listen, Homer. You can't go on eating cookies while you're talking to Kathleen.
 Number three. Elm 344.
 Can we bring those cookies back, don't you?
 A bigger pot.
 No, not you.
 L3444.
 Thank you.
 Homer, they're planning your cookies.
 The important thing is to find out why Kathleen's mad at it.
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Is this Kathleen Anderson?
 Yeah.
 Whoa, whoa.
 This is Charlie.
 Oh.
 Charlie Clark.
 Don't you remember?
 Oh, hello.
 I just called to see how it's a nice day, isn't it?
 Yes, Charlie.
 Do you have a call?
 Wait.
 A little you might say.
 How are you and--
 How are you in Henry?
 What the--
 I'm not asking you to understand.
 When we sit tonight Skye, I was just wondering.
 Henry, yes.
 Do you think so?
 I'll tell you what I think of Henry Aldrin.
 Why?
 I can give the...
 You know what he did.
 See, you know what he...
 Yes, go on.
 What do you want, Kathleen? What do you want?
 Kathleen, where'd she go?
 Homer, what'd she say? What'd she say?
 Hello. We were disconnected.
 Operator, Gee Whiz.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Oh my goodness.
 Who are you calling, Kathleen?
 My mother, I was just talking with Charlie Clark,
 and we were telling her, and I thought I'd better call him back.
 Hello.
 Number, please.
 Quiet.
 M-889.
 Elm-889.
 Kathleen, I didn't know you liked Charlie Clark.
 It's not a real mystery.
 Hello, Charlie.
 Hello, Charlie.
 My goodness.
 I'm awfully sorry.
 What's that?
 I'm sorry we were cut off.
 Who is this?
 Charlie, who do you think it is?
 It's Kathleen.
 Kathleen, aren't you with?
 Have you been?
 What?
 Fine.
 Your code certainly sounds better.
 My code.
 I'm not called.
 Isn't this Charlie Clark?
 Sure.
 Oh, my goodness.
 If I'd known you weren't interested in what I started to tell you, I wouldn't have called
 you back.
 What was this?
 Charlie, why am I talking with you a few minutes ago?
 No.
 I wasn't.
 Oh, my goodness.
 I'm awfully glad to hear your voice though.
 That's all right. Just forget the whole thing, Charlie.
 Well, look, are you doing anything?
 No, not especially.
 Well, do you mind if I come over? I'm sort of fed up with all the women here at my house.
 All right. Okay, I'll be seeing you right away.
 Okay, goodbye.
 Mother! Yes, Kathleen?
 Mother, I just had the most embarrassing thing happen to me.
 I nearly died.
 What happened?
 Well, I started to tell something to somebody. I thought it was Charlie Clark.
 And it wasn't Charlie Clark because I was just talking to Charlie Clark.
 What, Kathleen?
 My goodness, I'm certainly glad I didn't tell you what I thought of Henry.
 What's happened to Henry?
 Nothing, Mother. Nothing.
 Only if there's one thing I can't stand is somebody that's stuck up.
 Now, dear, Mother, you were standing right there in the school corridor before Latin,
 and I came along and I said, "Hello, Henry."
 You just went right on talking to Virginia Lee.
 Now, Kathleen, I'm sure Henry likes you, just as well as he likes Virginia Lee.
 Mother, I don't care whether he likes me. Whatever gave you an idea like that.
 Just a minute while I asked you to tell us what I'm...
 Well, I think you ought to make up with him.
 Hello?
 Hello, is this Kathleen?
 Yes. Well, Gee whiz I've been trying to get you ever since we were cut off. Who is this? This is still Charlie. Charlie who?
 Charlie Clark. Don't you remember? You were just going to tell me about what you thought of Henry.
 Oh, where are you falling from? White. From home. I see. Is your car worse? No. No. Don't you think Henry's in any sky though?
 No, just a minute. I've got to see who's at the front door. Don't hang up Charlie. I'll be right back.
 Hi Kathleen.
 Charlie, are you here already?
 Look, I want you to go to the phone.
 Who me? Well why? Who's on there?
 It's Charlie Clark.
 Who?
 Charlie, it isn't really Charlie. It's somebody that says he's you.
 And you know who I think it is?
 Who is it?
 I think it's Homer Brown.
 You know how he always sounds as though he had pneumonia?
 And he says he's me. Let me talk to him.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Who is this?
 It's Charlie Clark.
 I mean, who is this?
 Charlie Clark.
 What? Who? Oh, Gee Whiz.
 Alice? Alice, are you home? Yes, Harriet.
 I found Alice. I found Alice.
 Really? What happened? You found out what?
 Why, Sam sent the roses. I knew there was something behind it all the time.
 What, Sam? I made out I was talking about something else.
 Then I just happened to say, "Those were nice roses, you sent Alice."
 And he said, "Did she like them?"
 And I said, "Damn, how'd you happen to send them?"
 And then Alice, then...
 What did he say?
 He hedged.
 He fought, he said, "You sent me, tell us I sent you some flowers."
 And then he changed the subject.
 Well, Harriet, what's wrong with that?
 Alice, sometimes I think I know Sam better than you do.
 Can't you see there's something behind it?
 Did he...
 Did he buy any chance mentioned next Sunday?
 Next Sunday?
 Harriet, we're supposed to go to a luncheon at the Tomkins.
 And Sam doesn't care much for the Tomkins,
 and I think he'd rather play golf.
 Alifacid, I could tell from the way he talked.
 No matter what I said to him, he just looked uncomfortable.
 He did.
 Mother, you have anything you could spare besides cookies?
 Henry, your mother and I are disgusting something.
 Good Aunt Harry, and Homer's upset,
 and I thought maybe a piece of pie or something could call him down.
 Henry, I'm sorry, but Homer is eating practically everything I had in this kitchen.
 Now please get out.
 Yes, Mother.
 Palmer!
 Listen, Henry, weren't you pleased to as I asked?
 No, Homer.
 Didn't I just do a favor for you?
 Sure.
 Sure.
 Look what happened.
 Well, could I help her?
 How was I to know Charlie Clark was going to be over at Kathleen's house?
 And that's another thing.
 Before you hung up, you should have asked you what right he had been there.
 Okay, Henry, okay.
 But Charlie said he was going to try to get even with me.
 Palmer, you mean you're afraid of him?
 No, I'm not afraid of him.
 But I'm asking you, Henry, like a gentleman,
 to go to the phone and call Charlie and tell him the whole thing was a joke.
 The two thought of.
 Didn't Kathleen tell you anything?
 About why?
 About why she won't speak to me?
 Henry, are you trying to change the subject?
 Homer!
 Homer!
 What's the matter?
 The candy store!
 I just happened to remember!
 Sure, it's the candy store!
 Cleaning your bloods and candy, Henry!
 Don't you realize Homer that I said "caffing a box of candy"?
 And she never even thanked me for him, so why?
 She probably didn't get it!
 That's why she isn't speaking to me!
 Listen, Homer!
 Will you go to the polling court and ask her what has she got?
 Oh no, Henry!
 Oh no!
 No, I'm not gonna get mixed up in anything more for you.
 Okay, then I know why I get the phone or prove.
 Never mind.
 I'm going downtown.
 Didn't you send a box to Virginia League, too?
 Sure I did, but Kathleen doesn't know I did.
 Come on, Homer.
 Okay, but where is it I'm following you to?
 (upbeat music)
 Hello there, Sam Ory.
 You are a bandist.
 Come in, come in.
 Well, I wondered what I'd find you here at the office.
 How are you?
 Fine. How's your wife and Cathy?
 It wouldn't be better.
 Sam, this isn't what I came in to talk to you about, but who are you sending flowers to?
 I saw you go into the porridge shop this morning.
 You can't get away with anything, Sam.
 Oh, I just happened to be going by the place.
 And it was a nice morning and I saw some roses in the window,
 so I decided to send some up to Alice.
 Oh, yes. You sure that's the only reason?
 Matter of fact, Alice is just a hurry.
 It asked me the same thing a little while ago.
 Well, now that I think of it, maybe I'll send some to Betty.
 Oh, well, here's what I want to ask you, Sam.
 How about a little golf next Sunday afternoon?
 I can't, Bob.
 I have to go to that lunch with my wife.
 Next Sunday?
 Is that lunch your next Sunday?
 Sam, how did I happen to forget that?
 How about I skipping that lunch?
 No, Bob.
 I promised out it.
 No, I can't do that.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Hello.
 Is this Kathleen Anderson?
 Yeah.
 Now this is Johnson's Candy Kitchen.
 A young fellow was in here a while ago.
 He wanted me to call you and ask whether you got that box of candy.
 What box of candy?
 Senator, you were housed, didn't you get it?
 Oh yeah, I thought that it was the change of a heart.
 Yeah.
 I never knew what sounded, but what many cars in it?
 Well, let's see.
 He said his name was--
 His name was--
 How do you know about that?
 I don't seem to remember it.
 Can't you tell me where he looked like?
 Well, I guess he came up to about here on me,
 and he looked awfully worried.
 He did?
 As a matter of fact, when his name had been all rich...
 - Or it was Henry Otter. - Yeah, yeah, that was it.
 - Really? Honestly, did Henry send me that ball to Charlie?
 - Yeah. - I got it, did you do this?
 Well, why have I only known that?
 Well, why, I guess you don't know who that's in your ball.
 And why you're on the phone?
 Could you tell me if the other girl got hers?
 - What's wrong? - And he sent the same kind of a box
 to somebody by the name of Virginia Lee.
 I wondered whether you knew whether she got it.
 - Who's telling that one to... - Henry sent one to...
 Yeah, do you know whether she got it?
 Well, I really couldn't say.
 Good bye.
 [Music]
 Henry, is that you in the living room?
 Yes, Father.
 Henry, what's the matter with your mother?
 What's that, Father?
 I, uh, I was just wondering...
 Well, maybe it was just my imagination.
 My father nothing nothing when I spoke to her I guess you didn't hear me
 I'm coming home
 Boy, oh boy was that a coast cool. You know who just chased me up the street through Charlie Clark
 Why do you think he was carrying the hockey stick?
 No, I'm not when my father said the first time I get into another fight no matter who's fault it is
 I get my allowance cut off for a month. Why I don't know why I guess it's just been too much fighting in our family
 Well listen Homer. I just talked to doc whose candy kitchen and everything's okay. What do you mean?
 Well, she didn't know I said it. Oh boy. Can we oh boy? Is that Charlie at the door?
 It is? Well look at me. I think I'll step into the living room
 Henry, let me in. Who is it? Who do you think? I don't want to come out here now listen, Charlie
 You get away from here. Go on. Why should I?
 Sorry, I'm gonna call my father.
 You're gonna call, who?
 My father, who do you think I'd call?
 Okay Henry, okay. You wait. I'll get even with you too.
 I dare you to.
 Can me?
 Yes, mother. Is somebody in the front door?
 Why, just in the way there is.
 But it seems to go on now.
 Where's your father?
 I'm right here in the living room, Alex.
 Sam, I want to have a talk with you.
 Yeah? Something on your mind?
 Sam, first of all, naturally, I...
 Oh, would you mind leaving the room, please?
 Why, Mrs. Aldrich? Is there anybody in the front hall?
 I'm inside Henry. No, dear. Oh, then I'd be very glad to go.
 I'm...
 I'm...
 I beg your pardon.
 All right, sir.
 Are you about to say?
 Nothing. Nothing you go ahead.
 Well, I appreciate you sending me those roses.
 Oh. Oh, you got them?
 Yes, dear. Of course I got them.
 That's good.
 When I saw you in the kitchen, you didn't mention them, and I thought they were happy.
 I am the only reason I didn't mention them was because I was trying to get dinner started.
 Well, was it the right color?
 Yes, I told you they were lovely.
 Well, that's fine.
 Sam, is there anything wrong?
 Wrong? Wrong, Alice?
 Yes, Sam, because if there is, you might just as well come out and tell me and get it off your mind.
 Alice, I don't even know what you're talking about.
 Have you forgotten what you told Harriet?
 Harriet?
 Why don't you not tell Harriet anything?
 Well, Sam, if you can't remember, I'm certainly not going to remind you.
 Now Alice.
 Excuse me Mrs. Olvitch, but can I just get my cap and then beat it?
 Yes, whom of course you're not interrupting anything.
 Well that's alright Mrs. Olvitch, you're not bothering me either.
 Hey Henry.
 Alice, what's on your mind?
 Henry.
 What, hold on, I'm putting your phone call.
 I'm second for Henry.
 I think I'll wait a few minutes longer before I go home.
 Well look, Homer.
 Would you mind getting out of a hole with your life?
 I want to have a confidential talk with somebody.
 Well Gee, there's a ball of waste to treat a guest.
 What's the matter with everybody?
 Hello.
 Hello?
 This Kathleen?
 Yes, who's there?
 She's who do you think?
 It's Henry.
 Oh, hello.
 You know Kathleen, I--
 I wondered what the trouble was until I--
 boy, am I glad I got in touch with Johnson's candy kitchen.
 Oh, yes, it was very good candy, Henry.
 That's the carbrush of thank you.
 What's that?
 The mask, Carver Ginuil.
 Virginia Lee?
 Honestly, while you call me, I should think you'd much rather
 call Virginia.
 Kathleen, I don't know what you--
 oh, she was.
 Who told you about that?
 You're doing in particular. How many starts with information?
 Well, I just want to say, Kathleen, that the reports that are going around school,
 that I kissed her at her party last night, are totally unfounded.
 Oh, you kissed her!
 No! She was all I did was sit out one dance with her on her back door.
 Oh, so you took her out on the back part?
 Now, wait, Kathleen, all I'm trying to do is explain!
 Now how to explain a thing! Good bye!
 But, Kathleen, well, she wins!
 [Music]
 We'll be back with the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 Right now it's in a mission and time for our intermission guest, the one and only Tommy Dorsey.
 OK, Tommy.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 And after the world is new,
 When it is far, once and far,
 I'll see my dreams come true.
 ♪ Lowness to spare for some early shape ♪
 ♪ For one lover's fair, for whom they are ♪
 ♪ With time on my hand, and you in my arms ♪
 And who will be my heart on your own?
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry has been spending the day trying to find out why Kathleen won't speak to him.
 Hoping to get some information on the subject, Homer Fonda trying to disguise his voice as Charlie Clark,
 just as Charlie Clark walked into Kathleen's house.
 The scene opens several hours later in the Aldrich living room.
 That's not a Henry.
 Nothing, Father. Nothing.
 You quite sure everything's the way it should be?
 She was what he asked that.
 No, it's not just happened to notice a dinner.
 You did need a great deal and I wondered.
 No, as a matter of fact, you didn't seem to eat much either, Father.
 I simply wasn't hungry.
 Well, look, could you tell me something?
 I'll try to.
 Naturally, everything's going fine for you and Mother now.
 But you're married.
 That's that?
 But before you were married, I mean, have girls always been as much trouble as they are now?
 That would be a matter of personal opinion.
 Well, when they are, what do you do?
 Why, you take the bulb of the horns and find out what's the matter and sort of talk it out.
 And then everything's alright.
 Is that what you always do?
 Well, yes, in a way.
 See, that's what I've tried. I've owned Kathleen a couple of times, Father.
 Morninger isn't going to do any good. Go on over and see her.
 Do you think I should?
 The only way to get together is to get together.
 It is? Where's Mother?
 Why, I think she's reading the paper in the dining room.
 She is well, you know, maybe I'll take your advice does this suit look alright?
 I mean to go out in it looks fine boy
 I wonder if mother's mind if I took Kathleen one of those roses, but sad well the only reason I suggested is because
 Sometimes a flower sort of straightens everything out. Well don't take one of those
 They hear 15 cents stopping at the floor is on the way and start from scratch. What's that nothing? Go see who's on the phone
 You know father. I'm just gonna walk right over there, and if she walks see me
 I'm gonna tell Mr. Anderson how unreasonable she is because he always seems to like me
 Hello, oh, it's Henry orch there. Yes, this is Henry. Who's that? This is
 Is it this is Mr. Anderson who this is Kathleen's father and I want to have a talk with you
 Oh, she was I was just speaking of you, Mr. Anderson. How are you?
 Well, I have an appointment. I mean what's on?
 I don't want any more of this here nonsense in the future. I want you to stop bothering Kathleen. Do you hear me?
 I've been bothering her. I don't want to see you with an even a block of this house. Do you hear me? Well look mr.
 Anderson is this mr. Anderson sure is this Henry language? Yes only gee was you mean I can't see Kathleen at all
 She'd much rather see other fellas like Charlie Clark now
 There's a young man with something to it, but gee mr. Anderson Henry. Oh, yes mother of just a minute mr.
 Anderson is that mr. Anderson you're talking with my yes well
 Do you see that you're through I want to talk to him well frankly mama
 I'm all through now.
 Let me have the receiver please.
 Hello Mr. Anderson.
 What's that?
 This is Mrs. Aldrich.
 I'd like to ask you a few questions.
 I've got to go now.
 I'd like to ask you one or two questions first.
 To begin with, what are you doing Sunday afternoon?
 Were you and Mr. Aldrich planning to do something Sunday afternoon?
 Well, I...
 You were planning to play golf, weren't you?
 Well, I...
 You admit it, don't you?
 Yes, I guess so.
 That's exactly what I thought.
 And that's all I wanted to know.
 And I'd like to say this.
 If you and Sam didn't want to go to that luncheon with Mrs. Anderson and me,
 you needn't have each beaten around the bush by sending us flowers.
 What's that?
 I know all about it.
 And frankly, Mrs. Anderson, quite frankly, I kept...
 Mr. Anderson, can you hear me?
 Mr. Anderson!
 Hello?
 I'll let you and that you would argue, Bill.
 Sam, I don't think I'll ever go to speak to you again.
 Why do you say that?
 What's happened?
 Oh, I can say here's even if you and Mr. Anderson wanted to go to that luncheon,
 we wouldn't let you.
 We wouldn't even be seen with you.
 I was the door instead of just standing there.
 The door? Oh.
 Never mind now I'll answer it.
 Hello there, Mrs. Aldrich.
 What's that?
 Listen, Mr. Anderson. Hello.
 What's that?
 Yes, I am here.
 Mr. Anderson, what's that?
 What's that?
 Mr. Anderson, who was that?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Charlie Clark, I don't want to ever speak to you again.
 Wait a minute, Kathleen, let me explain.
 I've never been so invested.
 Charlie, glad you get right out of this house with Kathleen.
 Sam, would you like to read this evening paper?
 No, thank you. I have this book.
 The new magazine came today. Would you like to see that?
 Alice, I have this book.
 Well, is there anything I can do for you?
 No, thank you. I'm just fine here the way I am.
 I'll answer the phone, everybody.
 Sam, I wonder where the Mary wouldn't like to go to that luncheon with me in your place.
 What, sir?
 Sam, I wouldn't even hear of your going.
 The more I think of it, you've worked hard all week.
 You need to get out and play some golf and get some fresh air.
 Oh, sir, you don't want me to go with you as I'd plan to?
 Sam, whatever gave you an idea like that.
 And dear I'd also like to tell you how beautiful those lovely roses are.
 You mean you really like them?
 Father! Henry your father's in here, he's resting.
 Oh yes?
 Yes dear, and I'm going to run upstairs and get him his slippers.
 And now Alice.
 You'll be a lot more comfortable with that.
 Father, can you account for a thing like this?
 A thing like what?
 Well, I just had a phone call, so you can... and she is.
 What's the matter?
 Kathleen, right out of a clear blue sky, but she...
 boy, I've never seen anybody so nice.
 She even asked me to come over.
 Whoa!
 for a thing like that. Why is she suddenly so nice for no reason at all?
 How do you account for a knock being nice before?
 Oh, I was going to ask you that too.
 Don't ask me, Henry, you've come to the wrong man.
 You mean a case like that is sort of unusual?
 Well, you run into them occasionally. Now, let me read my book.
 It's about a man who loves the dogs.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello?
 Hello, Father.
 I'm over at Kathleen's.
 Can you hear me?
 I can.
 What's happened?
 Well, look.
 I want some more advice.
 Well, I can't tell me not to tell you to get her,
 but all she did was cry.
 Now, I can't make out whether she doesn't like that time.
 at that time, or whether she thinks her should have been more of one or more.
 And what should I do?
 She took the flower though, didn't she?
 Yes, sure.
 All right, then. Sit down and read something and let her figure out what to do.
 Family is a presentation of the Armed Forces Radio Circle.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
