 They are free men.
 The ambulance convoy, eight of them, United Nations ambulance is with red coffees,
 standing at the far side of the tent, ready to come up at any moment.
 Everything has gone very smoothly.
 The last of the men, the litic cases, came in last.
 They're being checked by the doctors right now.
 The men are getting coffee and cigarettes and a few comfort items.
 The convoy that came down from the other end of the neutral zone came in six dilapidated
 looking ambulances.
 Some were pointy, some gray.
 They had red crosses painted on them.
 The prisoners wore a blue-headed great coat, blue denim hat, and most of them found all
 blankets, blue in the shape of a horseshoe.
 Now we have the name of that first man, Bob's Hairpoint can tell you more about it.
 The first man, the first American to be turned over to what?
 Was Private Carl Sertkausen from Washington Heights, New York.
 He suffered from cross-pipe in both seats.
 He was with the Third Division when he was captured.
 He seems to be in pretty good spirits right now as do most of the other
 prisoners who so far been returned.
 All together we've gotten in a distance in the health arena,
 A number of cities, a couple of Filipinos, a place in the South African and 14 Americans.
 I just talked with the recent games, the training, who was handling this first part of the operation,
 and he said everything is going very well.
 The men are now being processed, and they should be on their way to freedom village in just a few moments.
 This is Bob's viewpoint at Hanwan Jump, and now back to the United States.
 We repeat that name again for you. The first American prisoner turned over to you and authorities in Korea.
 He is private Carl W. Kirchhausen of
 214 Audubon Avenue Washington Heights, New York City. Meanwhile the names of 13 more American prisoners in tonight's exchange
 are expected to be released at 8 30 p.m.
 NBC will broadcast the names of all American prisoners released in the current exchange. Stay tuned your NBC station for the later news.
 Henry, Henry, Old Rich, coming mother.
 [applause]
 Yes, it's the Old Rich family of franchise, written by Clippett Goldsmith.
 [music playing]
 In every plan, there is always allowed a margin for error.
 Also, in any day with a typical teenage boy like Henry Aldrich in it,
 there's always a margin for error, or for excitement, or the unexpected.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room.
 But, Mother, you don't see my point of view.
 Henry, that's the trouble. I do see your point of view, but I don't think you're trying to see mine.
 Yes, I am sure I am. I've tried very hard to see your point, but geez.
 I just can't see it.
 Well, in the first place, Eleanor will misunderstand the whole thing.
 Why should she misunderstand?
 Look, Mother, why don't you try and see it from my point of view?
 Henry, I realize you want to give Eleanor something nice for her birthday, but this...
 Well, Henry, I still pay your entirely too young.
 Too young, Mother?
 You spend $18.5 an hour on that iron?
 Don't you see my point of view?
 Henry, for the last time, when a young man gives a young lady an extensive piece of jewelry,
 it usually carries some meaning with it.
 What meaning you mean she'd be insulted because it isn't gold I
 Mean dear. I think you should take it back to the jewelry store where you bought it and get something else
 Mother they haven't anything else in there, but jewelry
 That's an electric percolator and don't you think if I gave her a thing like that she's really misunderstand?
 My own oh wait a minute
 Oh, hello Homer. I didn't recognize you with a hat on.
 She was up and calling you for three blocks.
 You mind if I walk along with you? No.
 Oh, you hear this is your birthday. Many happy returns.
 Thank you, Homer. How did you know about it?
 Oh, I get around. I'll even happen to know one of the presents you're going to get.
 You do, Homer? Yeah, but I can't tell you.
 Oh, how do you happen to know so much? I got to use. I got to use.
 Who's giving it to me? Well, I can't tell you that either. I'm sworn to secrecy.
 Did you know you're two months older than Henry?
 I am.
 Yeah, it's not too bad.
 Maybe that's why he's buying you such a swell--
 I mean, is it Henry that's giving me something?
 Well, to be frank, yes.
 And I don't think it'll be too big for your wrist.
 I mean--
 But for my wrist?
 She wish.
 You shouldn't have tried to guess the whole thing.
 Oh, I haven't the slightest idea of what it is, though.
 Well, sure you have.
 You just said yourself it was a bracelet.
 I did?
 Sure.
 And I'll bet you even know what kind it is.
 It's a silver bracelet and it has a padlock on it the shape of a heart with a key one of those homework
 I saw one in the store just the other day and
 Homer Henry is really giving me one of those bracelets. Yeah, but when you open the package be surprised fall right over
 Hello hello
 Yes, I heard you, Alice, but I still don't see what you're worrying about.
 Well, of course you don't, dear. You're a man.
 But, Sam, suppose Eleanor is crazy about Henry, and he gives her that very expensive bracelet.
 Well, there's only one thing she can think.
 What?
 Oh, Sam, you're simply being perverse.
 Well, I've just been talking with Harriet, and she agrees with me.
 Alice, right this minute, I'm busy. Can you call me back in half an hour?
 But what isn't clear about it?
 That isn't what I mean. I'm in a conference right now, and I haven't time to discuss Eleanor Wentworth's birthday.
 Well, very well then, dear, goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Now then, Mr. Roberts, I'm sorry we were interrupted.
 Mr. Alberich, what I want granted is a complete right of weight.
 I agree.
 But I think they should give you something.
 They should give you--
 did you ever give a girl a piece of jewelry?
 You mean besides my wife?
 Well, let me put it this way.
 Have you any children?
 No, sir.
 I'm sorry to say we haven't.
 What's your problem?
 Well, we have a son in high school, see?
 And he's apparently trying to give some girl.
 She's a very nice girl.
 I'll say that for him an expensive bracelet.
 Yes.
 Diamonds?
 Diamond?
 No, I don't think he went as far as diamonds.
 Then it rated cost around $18.
 And you feel you all think of us something better?
 Oh, no, Mrs. Always feel it's too much.
 That is, and proportion to--
 to-- well, now getting back to that right of weight.
 Oh, yes, yes.
 Well, when you draw up the papers, Mr. Alwaysch,
 I wanted made clear in the first paragraph
 But just what is it that's troubling your wife, Mr. Albridge?
 (audience laughs)
 Do you think a girl would assume she would engage
 if she received a bracelet?
 Well, why would she?
 That's exactly what I told my wife.
 Where do women get these ideas?
 But getting back to that right away, Mr. Albridge.
 (lively music)
 But, Mother, I don't even think you've tried to see my going to be alone.
 Eleanor, for the last time, I think you'd be making a great mistake.
 But, Mother, Homer says it's just an innocent...
 An innocent Facebook with a padlock of shape of a heart,
 and I've always had my heart set on fire.
 Well, dear, perhaps someday your father, now I'll get you one.
 Overcoming from Henrietta, so much more!
 That it's just the pulling. Mother, where are you going?
 Into the living room and have a talk with your father.
 And the piece doesn't all right for me to accept it, may I?
 That's a very foolish question, dear, because you know very well
 Your father's going to say no.
 Betty, I'm going to say no to what?
 Bob, do you know what home is told, Eleanor?
 Henry is coming over here this evening
 to give her a very expensive silver bracelet.
 Yeah?
 Wonder where he got the money.
 Do you think that's the main thing for us to worry about?
 Don't you realize we have to assume a little responsibility
 in raising our daughter?
 Ah, there's nothing wrong with Eleanor.
 And besides, do you realize the front doorbell is ringing?
 I'll answer it.
 But dear, I can cook three meals a day for this family
 and make all decisions, too.
 Elizabeth, don't you think we ought to see the bracelet before we decide any time?
 I do not.
 I'll see who's at the door, mother.
 I'll see who it is.
 Eleanor, have you been crying?
 No, mother.
 My goodness, my eyes are just tired.
 Here, I think you were making him tired too much of it.
 Oh, hello,
 I want to ask you something.
 Don't mention the fact that it was on a bracelet, will you?
 Why not?
 Well, she wants one and I haven't got the money.
 [audience laughter]
 Say, have you been crying?
 C'mon!
 Of course I haven't!
 Oh.
 What is it, Sunburn?
 No.
 Would you mind going home, Homer?
 No?
 Yes, please.
 Get down off this porch.
 I mean, I said something I shouldn't have.
 I didn't say you said anything.
 Only can't I be alone if I want to.
 [music]
 Who are you going, Henry?
 Henry, can't you tell me where you're going?
 Homer, will you please stop bumping into me?
 She was just shoving me all over the sidewalk.
 All right, Henry, all right.
 If you're not interested.
 I was just going to tell you something
 that died important.
 What about Eleanor?
 But never mind, that's all right.
 What about Eleanor?
 Don't you think she saw it a moody?
 Whoo, Eleanor?
 Listen, Homer, Eleanor has one of the most cheerful
 dispositions of any girl I've ever known.
 Sure, I agree with you.
 Then the next minute she can kick you right off her front porch.
 Listen, Homer, let's have an understanding.
 Right here at this corner. Which way are you turning?
 Which way are you? I'm going right down the street here.
 All right, I'll come along.
 Are you going to the Santa Fe jewelry store?
 How do you know I am?
 Well, she always, I just recognized that package.
 - What are you going in there for? - Never mind. Just never mind.
 Are you taking Eleanor's bracelet in to have it engraved?
 Listen, who told you I got her a bracelet?
 I get around, Henry.
 Do you know where I could buy one for Agnes for less than $18.5?
 How do you know this one cost about much?
 I get around, hand me.
 Listen, where did you get $18.5?
 I tried to borrow a quarter from you yesterday.
 Homer, for the last time with you, please run along,
 I'm going into this store.
 Don't you want me to come in with you?
 No, now go away. Go on away, Homer.
 You know, Henry, you're moody in an Eleanor.
 And don't hang around outside that window.
 You something I can do for your young man?
 Yes, sir. I want to have a little talk with you.
 Yes, sir.
 Oh, you're the young fellow who bought that very beautiful silver hand
 I'm robbed of bracelet.
 Yes.
 Could we step back here a ways?
 I beg your pardon?
 Well, I brought this bracelet back because you see.
 There's something wrong with it?
 Oh no, there's anything wrong with it.
 But when I got home, my mother--
 whether she has some bad news for me.
 You mean your mother doesn't want you to keep her?
 Oh no, no, it isn't back.
 You see, my girl--
 you see, well, it's this way.
 Doesn't she like it?
 She hasn't even seen it.
 Oh, she's gone away?
 Well, in a way, she has.
 Well, that place will be a nice surprise for her.
 I'll wrap it up and send it to her.
 Oh, no, no. You can't do a thing like that.
 Why not? It's too late.
 My mother says the way things are now,
 it wouldn't be right for me to give it to her.
 Oh, she's marrying someone else, huh?
 Well, why not give it to her and call it a wedding present?
 A wedding present?
 Or how about that percolator up there for three more dollars?
 Oh, no.
 Oh, I think I'd just like to get my money back.
 Your money back?
 Well, before we do anything as rash as all that,
 have you seen these ladies ring?
 They look just like diamonds, imported precious stones from Denver.
 And I challenge you to tell the difference between these and real diamonds.
 But wouldn't I just have my money back?
 - You have some celery, Ethel? - No, thank you, Gary.
 Now, what was it you stopped to tell me about Mr. Aldrich?
 Well, I was in his office today, seeing his wife calls and she's all upset.
 They've got a boy in high school who wants to give his girls some kind of a piece of jewelry and she didn't think he should.
 Then I certainly agree with her.
 You agree with her?
 What's wrong with the boy giving his girl a birthday present if he wants to?
 That's because you've never had any children.
 What do you mean, I've never had any children? You've never had any either.
 But I'm a woman!
 [laughter]
 And Gary, it isn't necessary for you to point that story at me.
 I'm not pointing it at you. I just want to know what's wrong with a kid doing it.
 What's wrong with it?
 It just isn't done that, though.
 Who said so? Past the law that said it isn't done.
 Gary, in the first place, any present from a boy means a great deal to a girl, let alone jewelry.
 Why shouldn't it mean anything?
 Don't you remember on my 16th birthday when you gave me some handkerchiefs?
 Angerchiefs? What's that got to do with it?
 Well, we got married, didn't we?
 Always. That what did it?
 No, no, no.
 Gary, for the last time, stop shaking that sewing in my face.
 Oh, Mary. What do you say, Henry?
 Well, look, could you keep something under your hat and not bother mother about it?
 Didn't you pass on all your subjects this month?
 Oh, yeah, sure. But I was downtown just now in this salesman.
 I mean...
 How would you like to buy a nice $18.5 bracelet cheap?
 Why Henry, how rich? Where did you get that?
 Mary, don't wave it around where everyone can see it.
 Listen, I'll sell it to you for $17.
 I haven't got $17.
 We got $16?
 No. How about $15?
 Henry, I haven't got $15 on broke.
 But she whiz.
 Well, look, as long as you can't buy it, Mary.
 Do you see anything against my giving a thing like this
 is a present?
 I hadn't read that awfully sweet of you.
 Now, wait a minute, Mary.
 Give it back to me.
 I didn't mean--
 Mary, I was just asking you a hypothetical question.
 You mean you're taking it back?
 I don't even got $14.
 Mary?
 Yes, mother?
 Will you please come here a minute?
 Why?
 Oh, yes, you're in just a second.
 Mary Holbeast, aren't they?
 Henry, I want you to bring that bracelet with you.
 The bracelet?
 How did you...
 Oh, look, Mother, I'm not disobeying you.
 I just thought Mary would like to buy it and keep it in the family.
 Dear, I thought you told me you'd return that bracelet.
 Oh, no, Mother. What I told you was I took it back down to the jewelry store.
 But the fella was so nice to me.
 He said he thought I was making a great mistake and not keeping it.
 But did you tell him I said you would have got your money back?
 Oh, yeah, sure.
 And he said you probably meant very well, but you didn't know what was going on in the world.
 He said what?
 She mother, he said, "Powers give girls presents like this every day in the year."
 Henry, I want you to take that bracelet and go downtown to that jewelry store and get your money back at once.
 And let them think our whole family doesn't know what's going on anyplace?
 I don't care what he thinks. Now, please start.
 Yes, mother.
 And as a matter of fact, I think he took advantage of you.
 Of me? How could anyone take advantage of me?
 - All right. - Yes, ma'am?
 Mrs. Markle was just on the phone.
 Oh, Villy, what did she want?
 She said she didn't like to butt in, but she thought she had a solution to some problem we have.
 You mean about the bracelet?
 The bracelet.
 Alice, have you been spreading that all around town?
 Now, Sam.
 Mother, Mother, could you consider this from just one other angle?
 Henry, stop.
 Yes, Mother.
 Homer, will you give me nine dollars for us?
 I have to pay the whole nine dollars in cash in me.
 You mean you want a little time on it?
 Well, she with the stores are closing in an hour home,
 and I got to get something for Eleanor for her birthday.
 I can't just--
 Well, as a matter of fact, Kim, she
 may be pretty disappointed if she doesn't get this bracelet.
 Well, she doesn't know anything about it,
 home.
 I haven't so much as mentioned to her.
 No, I know you haven't.
 But I have a hunch.
 I mean, something tells me that this bracelet is what
 she's looking forward to.
 Just the same.
 Will you give me $6 for it?
 $6?
 I guess it would be crazy about it, Homer.
 I know.
 But you know what the guy at the jewelry store
 told me when I took it back the second time he said there won't be another bracelet
 like this one around until crawl even then they may not make them why that isn't
 the point Homer he said with any year this bracelet will double in value it will
 well sure and then a fagnes gets mad and gives it back to you look at the
 profit you've made
 - Alice? - Yes, sir?
 Did Henry get the bracelet thing settled?
 Yes, dear, apparently he did.
 He said he's going that downtown in just a few minutes
 and see whether he can find a nice present for Eleanor for $6.
 Yes? I don't know, but what I agree to that part of it,
 although I still say the whole thing's a tempest in a teapot.
 - Now, Sam... - Alice, all the boys in town are apparently doing it.
 Didn't Henry tell you about Homer?
 He's giving Agnes a bracelet exactly like the one
 Henry was going to give Eleanor.
 Really? And Homer's folks don't object?
 No. Will Brown agreed with me. What's wrong with it?
 Well, don't get Henry all upset again.
 He's come around to our point of view and taking the whole thing very nicely.
 That's more than his Aunt Harriet did.
 It's just what voted she said when she phoned Sam.
 She said she'd disgust the whole thing with her bridge clap.
 And they all agreed Henry shouldn't give Ellen another bracelet.
 Really?
 And when I asked if they took a standing vote on it, she hung up.
 I bet anything Aunt Harriet called back to say they've taken a vote.
 You better let me take a stand.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is this Mrs. Orridge?
 Yes?
 Mrs. Apple-Robot.
 Oh, yes, Mrs. Robert. Hello.
 Mrs. Orridge, my husband was down at your husband's office this morning and...
 I know you think it's none of my business.
 But Gary and I have just thought of something that may interest you.
 Really? What is it?
 Well, we have come friends who have a boy and they had exactly the same problem you have.
 He wanted to spend every cent he could on a pair of earrings for some girl.
 And do you know how his parents went away from it?
 Oh.
 They sent him on a trip to the Canadian Rockies
 and hired a guy who took him into the woods
 and he didn't even see a girl for a month.
 You don't say so.
 And when they came out, he'd gotten all about the girl
 and was crazy about the guy.
 Really?
 And instead of the hearing, he sent this girl
 a lovely dear's head with Adler.
 Really?
 Of course you cast him, Henry that saw.
 Vacation hadn't even started.
 But many men always define some thick wood near home where we could go and forget.
 Yes.
 Well, thank you very much.
 I was in crime all right.
 And do let me know how everything comes out.
 Out of the woods?
 Oh, well, I know.
 I suppose in one way that's where we all are in this.
 Yes, aren't we?
 Well, good-bye.
 Good-bye.
 What was that, Alice?
 Well, somebody else, Sam, worrying about Henry.
 Now do you see how this town would have talked if we let him go ahead?
 Goodbye, Mother.
 I'm going downtown to see what I can find.
 Oh, just a minute, dear.
 a minute here.
 Sam, how much would a nice deer's head cost?
 A nice what?
 Well, I don't mean anything fancy.
 No antlers.
 A deer's head, Morgan?
 Yes, Henry.
 You mean one of stone?
 No, Sam.
 Only stuffed.
 Alice, what are you talking about?
 My goodness, if that's somebody else
 trying to tell us how to--
 If they can't suggest anything better than a deer's head,
 hang up.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hello?
 Hello, Mrs. Al, would you tell me there?
 Oh, yes, Homer. He's right here by the phone.
 Oh, Dr. Meemaw, but she whizz.
 Hello?
 Hello, Henry. My mother says it's all off.
 What's that?
 When I told her I was going to get back to that place,
 but she nearly hit the ceiling.
 I want my $6 back.
 Didn't you tell her what I told you to?
 Sure. And she said, "Am I giving back to the fact
 that you have for mine for life?"
 Homer, she's faunpy that narrow-minded.
 Look at what you're doing to me.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 Thank you so much, Homer.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [applause]
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 Tonight, Thea DeGilles on the air will present
 the Petrified Forest by Robert E. Sherwood, starring
 Jerome Power.
 This is another performance by some of the superb actors
 that Thea DeGilles has teamed up with the outstanding plays
 of the past and present.
 Of course, no Sunday would be complete without a visit
 to those two happy householders,
 Phil Harris, now it's safe.
 Then your two regular NBC thrillers,
 Dragnet, Barry Craig,
 confidential investigator, come along next.
 So for the Pops in Sunday night radio entertainment,
 stay tuned to NBC.
 (lively music)
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Audrey.
 Henry has been trying unsuccessfully to get his money back on a bracelet that he bought for Eleanor,
 and that his mother felt was famous, understood as a gift.
 The scene opens in Eleanor's living room.
 But Mother, I still don't understand your point of view.
 Well, I know your father and I were both seven years older than you and Henry before he gave me anything.
 And even then, do you know what his first present was?
 What?
 It was simple and it was in good taste, but it was very nice.
 What was it?
 Another bound volume of poems by Lord Tennyson.
 Lord Tennyson.
 With good edge pages and that booklet more than me than anything I've ever owned.
 Really?
 And on the fly, maybe inscribed so many worlds, so much to do.
 So little done such things to be.
 But mother, the lock on the bracelet looks just like a padlock.
 Homos, you can even open it with a key.
 Ellen, haven't you been listening?
 Betty, are you still worrying about that bracelet?
 Bob, I'm not worrying about it.
 I'm simply trying to show her all the way to you.
 Now, Betty, why not look at the whole thing this way?
 (jazz music)
 - I don't think you understand me.
 All my friend wants me to do is give you this bracelet
 and get his money back for him.
 - I see.
 - So could I have it please.
 - How about this string of genuine jade beads for $10?
 - Well I wouldn't be bad.
 Would they be classified as jewelry?
 Jewelry don't be foolish why would be be classified as jewelry the only thing is he said I should get his money back
 He's in a very embarrassing situation. I know all about it. His girl is marrying someone else. Yes
 You mean she ever oh
 Oh, well gee, it's worse than that what happened she died
 die
 Oh, well, yes, sir, and he's gonna get us something else. I mean he wants his money back
 He doesn't want to get something nice for himself.
 He wants his money back.
 And look, I've got a phone this girl right this minute.
 I thought she was there.
 She is, but I want to warn her.
 I mean, her family.
 I don't want a family that she isn't going to get--
 I mean, it's very bad news.
 How about a pen and pencil set?
 Well, Calvin, I made it clear he wants his money back.
 Listen, I've got a brother that's got a store off the street.
 Now, how would you like to take a look at what he's got?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 Eleanor, I don't think it's very nice
 if you just saw it on your birthday.
 I'm not talking, mother.
 I just don't feel like talking to anybody.
 Betty, what were all those phone calls
 you've been taking for the last couple of hours?
 Thankfully, Bob, they were all friends of ours.
 Why do you know if we were really going to let Eleanor
 accept that bracelet? (gasps)
 Oh, my goodness!
 Now, Eleanor!
 The girl's right, it's nobody's business but ours.
 As a matter of fact, I think it shows a very healthy interest.
 And incidentally, Agnes Lawson's mother calls.
 Why? They heard this afternoon somehow that Homer's planning to give Agnes an expensive bracelet too.
 What stand are they taking?
 What to tell the truth, Bob? The Lawson family is split wide open.
 Which are they against? The bracelet or Homer?
 Oh my goodness, that won't be heavy right now.
 Now remember, Eleanor, about everything else you are a lady.
 Mother, won't you please change your mind.
 Now be here.
 Eleanor, don't run to the door.
 Walk like a lady.
 I'm walking, Father.
 Hi, Eleanor.
 I'm a many happy return to the day.
 Thank you, Henry.
 Who wants to come in?
 OK.
 Hi.
 Are your folks home?
 Yeah.
 Mother and Father just went out into the kitchen.
 Shall we go in the living room?
 All right.
 I've got a little present here for you.
 For me, Henry?
 The only thing is, before I give it to you,
 I want to tell you something.
 Well, Henry, first before you tell me anything,
 I feel I ought to say something to you.
 You do? What about?
 About that present you have there.
 Henry, frankly, it was awfully sweet of you to get in your bracelet.
 I mean...
 Well, look, Eleanor, do you mind if I tell you something?
 Because here's the way everybody feels about it.
 Eleanor, yes, Mother.
 Will you step on here to the front hall, please?
 Yes, Mother. Only I think you're on never-sarily worried
 because I gave you my words.
 Excuse me, Henry.
 Sure.
 Eleanor, I haven't accused you of anything.
 I simply want to speak to you.
 What about, Mother?
 Your father and I have just been talking
 with Agnes Lawson's mother again.
 Since she, your parents,
 raise random and Agnes,
 accept her bracelet from Homer.
 I guess we'll have to let you keep Henry.
 Oh, Mother!
 But you explained that it isn't
 a single thing,
 that at best it's only a birthday present.
 Oh, yes, Mother!
 You understand the circumstance.
 Oh, yes, Mother!
 Of course I do.
 Oh, Henry!
 Yes, O'Nore.
 Thank you, Mother.
 Thank you, very much.
 Don't beg me.
 I'm awfully sorry to keep you waiting like this.
 Henry, what was it you were going to say about that present you have?
 I'll tell you. Why don't we just wait?
 Oh, we don't have to do a thing like that. Henry?
 Well, Henry, sometimes when a boy gives a girl something,
 it's completely misunderstood. You know what I mean?
 It is. But it's a girl that's sensible and realizes that it's just a present.
 Well, without any special transmit connection.
 Just the same element. I think... No, no, I don't think I better give you this.
 I better give you this.
 I know you're excuse me, I've got to make you give that to me.
 You mean you're going to take it away from me?
 Henry, I can hardly wait to open it.
 I don't think you're going to like it though.
 Oh yes I am.
 And I know what you've done.
 You put it in this big box of booming.
 But that was already in the bracelet.
 It isn't.
 You mean it couldn't possibly be a bracelet?
 Nope.
 You want to give it back?
 No.
 My goodness, if the girl was sensible about what a person gives,
 it really doesn't make any difference.
 What it is, only...
 I don't understand how I've done this thing.
 You can go ahead and open it, if you'd like.
 All right.
 My goodness, what is it?
 It's a...
 It's a book.
 A book?
 Well, isn't that nice?
 It's leather.
 Leather.
 Oh, hang it.
 It's "Tannison."
 The poems of Lord Tennyson.
 Sure. The bookstore was the only store still open.
 Oh, Henry. Of all the things you could have given me.
 Anything else? Well, it would have just been another present, but...
 Lord, Tennyson, do you know what happened to my mother?
 You like it?
 You mean you really like it?
 Henry, as long as I live, it's going to mean more to me than anything I own.
 Would you like something on the fly, please?
 Sure. Oh, my handwriting isn't very good.
 Oh, that part is important.
 Just take your fountain can and write.
 Don't worry, so much to do.
 So little done, such things to be.
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (somber music)
 The Aldrich family is transcribed as written by Clifford Golsen.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and homa by Jack Grime.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are house Jameson and Barbara Robin.
 Your announcer is Dick Dutton.
 In two hours, a special war prisoners released report on NBC.
 NBC.
 (buzzer)
