 In just a minute, it's the Aldrich family on NBC.
 Academy Award time is with us again, and it's the period of the year when everyone is wondering who will win the Oscar.
 Why don't you listen to the Academy Award presentation next Thursday night on NBC and find out?
 Of course, each weekday NBC brings great listening into your home, too.
 There's Bob Hope and Dave Garaway with easygoing shows,
 your daily visit with one man's family,
 and the latest foreign reports with Morgan Beatty's News of the World,
 as well as John Cameron Swayze's capsule commentary each evening.
 Check your newspaper and tune to this station.
 Now it's the Aldridge family on NBC.
 [music]
 Henry! Henry Aldridge!
 Homming mother!
 [applause]
 Yes, it's the Orange Family is transcribed written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Whatever your teenage years were, hectic, adventuresome, or shining,
 you can never forget them. They're an important part of you.
 And whenever you go back to them in memory, you'll always find a typical boy like Henry Aldridge right in the middle of them.
 The scene opens at the Aldridge telephone. The time is evening.
 Hello? Hello, is this Lucy Smith?
 Lucy, this is Henry. Did I play any chance to leave my Latin book at your house this afternoon?
 - No, it's not me, Henry. - Well, you sure I didn't leave it out in your kitchen?
 - No, no. - Well, as your mother's been in or around your refrigerator lately,
 - Henry, ask her whether she's seen my Latin book too. - Homer, keep quiet.
 Hello Lucy, look if you do find one could you give me a ring?
 Henry, does she think she can find?
 Goodbye.
 Homer, do you realize that whenever I talk on the phone all you do is stand there and ask questions?
 Well, she was. You never tell me anything.
 Who are you gonna call next?
 Never mind.
 Hello?
 Oh, Henry, can't you tell me who?
 Number three.
 Operator, give me Elm.
 Two, two, seven.
 Elm, two, seven.
 Henry?
 Mother, I think I'm on the trail. You just go on reading your paper.
 Henry, do you mean to say you haven't found your Latin book yet?
 Well, not yet exactly, Mother.
 Well, you better not let your father here, you haven't found it.
 Well, there isn't anything to worry about, Mrs. Aldridge.
 It'd be different if we didn't know where we went today.
 Just the same, Henry. Better find it in the hurry.
 Hello, Aunt Harriet, this is Henry.
 Henry, you're nephew. Don't you remember Aunt Harriet?
 Oh, yeah. Hello.
 Hello.
 Look, have you happened by any chance to see Cicero around your house?
 Oh.
 Cicero, yet we've been studying him this year.
 Oh, you mean the old cook-call must have been...
 That was just a minute.
 Homer, what does our Latin book look like?
 What do you mean? Like a book?
 What color? What color?
 Uh... is it black?
 Black? I thought it was sort of...
 It's sort of... Henry, it's brown, isn't it?
 A nice sort of brown with Cicero printed on it.
 Hello, Aunt Harriet Brown! And there were two of them.
 Homer's in mind.
 Has she stained them, Henry?
 Well, have you been in or around your refrigerator lately?
 - I don't know how to sound in Sanfield.
 - Hmm.
 I'll ask you whether she's had her dinner yet.
 Thanks, Aunt Harriet, goodbye.
 - Henry.
 - Homer, be looking up another number.
 - Henry.
 - Yes, father?
 - You and Homer still out there at that four.
 - Henry, I think I'll go outside
 and sit on the front porch for more.
 - Yeah, but Homer.
 - Henry.
 - Yes, father, just a minute.
 - Number three.
 - It's just a question at time,
 and I'll have the darn thing.
 - Number three.
 - Operator, give me M34.
 - M34.
 - Yes, please.
 trouble is Henry that you don't pay attention to anything you do. There it is
 the night before you have to get an 88 an examination to bring your average up
 to Paris. Father I don't like to contradict you but all I need to pull me
 through is a flat 85. I spent nearly an hour this afternoon figuring it out. Hello
 Eleanor this is Henry. Instead of figuring out a thing like that you should have
 been looking for your Latin. Yeah just a minute Eleanor. Sure Father I agree with
 you absolutely. Eleanor have you seen my Latin book? Has she? Yes I mean no I mean
 Eleanor, when we were in your kitchen and we put the ice tray back, did we put anything
 else in with it?
 Well, like a Cicero.
 What'd you do this afternoon?
 Visit every refrigerator in town?
 Oh, well, goodbye, Father.
 I mean, Eleanor.
 You see that, Henry, your mind is known as single thing you do.
 Father, this isn't a result of anything my mind did.
 I agree.
 It's what your mind doesn't do.
 You have a father, don't you see?
 There's a swell chance they may not even need my Latin book tonight.
 Why not?
 Because I'm not even sure we're going to have an exam tomorrow.
 What do you mean by that?
 Well, Homer, isn't there a possibility that we don't have an exam until day after tomorrow?
 And you've asked me that three times.
 Miss Wheeler said it was tomorrow's second period, and that's all there is to it.
 Are you sure, Homer? Because my father's standing right here.
 (jazz music)
 - Quos qua tandam avu terri cottalina potientia nostra.
 There Homer, what does that mean?
 - Go on and finish it.
 - I have finished it.
 - Quos qua tandam avu terri cottalina potientia nostra.
 That means Homer, how long will you abuse our patients o' cattle line?
 It does?
 Sure.
 Now can you give it to me?
 Sure.
 O' cattle line?
 O' cattle line?
 And could you read it again please?
 The whole thing?
 Well of course not the whole thing.
 Do you think I'm dumb?
 Just give me the first word.
 Quose Quay, Quose Quay.
 Oh yes, Quose Quay.
 Look Homer.
 Does this give you any hint as to what it is?
 When you measure something, what's the first thing you want to know?
 Where's the ruler?
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, Homer.
 You're supposing you've got the ruler.
 What's the next thing you want to know?
 What is it you ask yourself?
 Henry, are you sure that Cicero you're reading?
 Sure, Homer.
 Sure, it's your own book.
 Didn't my mother just find it down in the preserved closet?
 Now, listen carefully and see whether this brings back anything.
 Quosqué tandem avu tare.
 Give me one more clue.
 Homer, if I give you any more, I'll have given you the whole thing.
 No, I won't.
 He won't.
 I won't.
 The Caroline is measuring something.
 I know that.
 No, Homer.
 Listen, how long are you going to hold out on me?
 Homer, you got the whole thing.
 What whole thing?
 He just said it.
 How long will you abuse our patients' Caroline?
 Well, Henry, I knew that part all right.
 But is that all there is to us?
 Sure.
 It's as easy as rolling off the log.
 Henry!
 Let's not talk so loud.
 Homer, my folks have gone to bed.
 Now for the next one.
 -Henny, are you sure tomorrow's exam cup
 is the first for your raisins?
 -Well, I heard her say the first three.
 Now listen, Abbott excessive evasive eruptment.
 -Why, uh...
 Why, uh...
 -I remember it means he departed.
 He withdrew. He went out. He broke four.
 -Sure. That's just what I was going to say.
 -You're crazy.
 -I am not. I knew it all the time.
 -All right. I'll read it again.
 -Aboard excessive evasive eruptment.
 What does it mean?
 -What's so tough about that?
 -All right. Tell me what it means.
 -Sure.
 He came in, he fell down, he got up, he fell down again.
 Now is that someone calling?
 No, I don't think so.
 Well, okay, shoot me another, I'm getting hot.
 Henry, do you realize what time it is?
 What time, mother?
 Good, it's just a little after 10, isn't it?
 It's 20 minutes to 12.
 And you promised me that if I let home
 a stay here overnight, you'd behave yourselves.
 But mother, all we've been doing is sitting here quietly
 with Cicero.
 Sure, Mrs. Aldrich.
 I'm sorry, but you were talking as loud as you could.
 And what's more, it doesn't seem to me
 that you should have to study as late as this.
 But, mother, you have no idea what a stiff exam
 Miss Wheeler can do.
 Well, it shouldn't be stiff if you'd paid attention.
 Alice, will you please come to bed?
 Sam, I'm talking to the boys.
 I'd like to get back to sleep.
 Mother, I have paid attention, but Miss Wheeler
 doubled cross this.
 I'll say she did.
 What do you mean she doubled cross to?
 Mother, she stood up in class after we're almost
 through with the last three orations of Cicero
 and announces that the examination
 will cover the first three.
 - Sure, and we haven't looked at those since last term.
 - And she didn't give you any advance warning?
 - No, Mrs. Olives, not since since February.
 - Sure.
 And here we are stuck when we oughta be in bed.
 - How did they go to bed?
 - Yes, ma'am, he's going.
 - But, mother, don't you realize that if we don't study
 this our whole year's work will be in vain?
 And father, you know what father's gonna do.
 - But Henry-- - And Mrs. Olives,
 This is one course I don't want to have to take over again.
 - Oh, man.
 - I'd like to say something to both of you.
 - But listen, mother--
 - Now wait, Henry, let me explain this to her.
 (
 Romulus
 Good that's well now about
 Homer Homer you asleep listen Henry stop shaking me so loud home
 Do you want to wait my folks I wasn't talking loud well you are now and it's ten minutes to two
 Okay
 Give me that sentence again
 Homer what we be sensible. Why don't you set the alarm for seven o'clock and finish in the morning?
 Homer
 Homer, do you realize you've got your head right in the middle of my collection of rocks?
 [laughter]
 And Homer, some of those are valuable.
 [laughter]
 But, uh, give me that sentence again, Henry.
 Didn't you hear what I said, Homer?
 Rocky, oh, what?
 [laughter]
 I said, "Let's quit and go down and get something to eat."
 Oh, boy!
 Do you have any breakfast cereal? You know, the kind I like?
 Sure.
 I think I'll have some myself.
 We'll put your milk on it.
 And cream.
 Er, wait till I set this alarm for seven.
 Listen, honey, how about setting it for five after seven?
 I need the sleep.
 Homer, we've got work to do.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 - Good breakfast, Alice. - What time is it, Sam?
 - One minute after nine. I ought to be at the office, but now...
 - My goodness, I ought to be getting ready to go out myself.
 - It's a wonder either one of us woke up this morning after being kept awake all night by the boys.
 What time did they finally stop wrestling?
 - Sam, they weren't wrestling.
 - Alice, I heard them myself. Homer kept yelling at the top of his lungs.
 He'd come in, he'd fall down, he'd get up.
 - Then he'd do it all over again. - Not a deer.
 - Why, didn't you hear them? - How did they look when they had breakfast?
 - Well, I didn't see them at breakfast. They must have come down quite early. - Yes.
 - I was just going to call them when I happened to find their cereal dishes out by the sink.
 And Sam, I have never been so upset about anything in all my life.
 - What about? - By imagining their Latin teacher giving them an exam
 they had to sit up half the night studying for.
 I still say that if Henry had paid attention, a thing like that wouldn't happen.
 Dear, under ordinary circumstances, I'd agree with you.
 But their teacher double-crossed them.
 Henry explained the whole thing to me.
 - Alice. - Yes, Sam?
 Listen.
 Did I hear someone moving around upstairs?
 Well, I certainly don't hear anything.
 I couldn't be married.
 She left the house at least ten minutes ago.
 And Sam, you didn't let me finish.
 I'm going down and seeing Miss Wheeler today.
 Who's Miss Wheeler?
 Henry's Latin teacher.
 I think it's time I had a hot to hot talk with her.
 Hey Homer.
 Homer wake up.
 Hey Harry.
 Hey what's that? Did the alarm go off?
 Not yet. I woke up about five minutes ago.
 She was. Is it raining out? Not so loud Homer. Do you want to wake up my whole family?
 It isn't raining, the shades are down.
 Oh.
 What time is it anyhow?
 There's a clock right there.
 Ten minutes to seven.
 Oh, yeah.
 Hey.
 What's the matter?
 Oh, no.
 I thought when I first looked at it, it said 25 minutes to ten.
 It's a funny thing, Homer, but so did I.
 Come on, let's tip toe down to the kitchen in our pajamas and get some breakfast.
 All right.
 How about a little more of that cereal and some bananas?
 We haven't got any bananas.
 Why it now, Homer?
 As soon as we get through, we'll come back and finish studying.
 Okay.
 You know, it's funny, but I feel as refreshed as though I'd slip until 9 or 10 o'clock.
 Yes, you...
 Homer, don't trip on these stairs. You'll wake everybody up.
 Henry, ask me what close-quaid tandem and all that sort of thing means.
 What does it mean?
 It's how long will you abuse our patients, Caroline?
 That's well, Homer.
 Just a second while I put in a telephone call at this hour the morning. Who are you gonna call?
 I think they'll be up by now
 M 7 5 3
 M 7 5 3
 Quiet I
 Mean that's all right go ahead and ring them. Tell me who you're calling
 Or I think I know where I left my sister row yesterday
 Remember when we dropped in a Jimmy Bartlett's for a second. Hello. Hello. Is this Mrs.
 Bartlett? Yes. Well this is Henry Aldridge. Did you find a Latin book anywhere around your kitchen?
 Henry, could you speak up a little? Well I wouldn't Mrs. Bartlett, but I don't want to wake my folks up.
 Oh, why did they say Henry?
 No, they're just getting a good night's sleep. I'll tell you guys, meet the Jimmy, please.
 Did Jimmy? He's left for school. What's that?
 There's a chorus he left a long time ago. She whizzed, what time do you have to be there?
 - The final clock. - I know, but...
 but...
 what time is it now?
 - It's the quarter of a day. - Quarter to what?
 - Quarter. - Homeward, do you know what time it is?
 - What time is it? - Mother!
 - What time is it? - Mother!
 - Are you asking what time it is? - Mother Mary!
 - Mrs. Offer! - Mother!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, Henry, slow down and wait for me.
 What's the matter with you, Homer?
 Can't you run?
 She was I dressed in such a hurry.
 Look at me.
 I got my shoes on the wrong feet.
 Why worry about a little thing like that?
 Don't you realize the exam started 15 minutes ago?
 Henry, wait.
 Your pajamas are showing.
 Where?
 Below your pants.
 Stop and pull them out.
 I haven't got time.
 Henry, don't go in that door.
 That's the girl's entrance.
 Homer, what difference does it make in a time like this?
 Come on.
 We'll open it.
 Trying to.
 So are you.
 Now you see that?
 Now we've lost more time.
 Wait, it's open.
 I forgot doors and schools open out.
 Listen, Henry, don't you pay attention to anything?
 But where are the stairs?
 Where are the stairs?
 I don't know.
 How would I know where they are?
 Homer, don't go through that door.
 That's the girl's gym.
 I know.
 Who's this role-a-good girl on a parallel bar?
 Hey!
 [whistling]
 Homer, quit it.
 Come on.
 Well, let's try this way.
 Boy, are my feet blistered.
 Same here.
 We should have brought our socks along with us.
 [laughing]
 Come on up these stairs.
 Don't you see that sign that says down only.
 Homer, stop criticizing everything and come on.
 [laughing]
 What is that door, Goldle?
 She wished we were in the clear.
 Give me more outdoors again.
 We're in the main hall.
 There's Miss Wheeler's room right over there.
 Don't make so much noise.
 I wanted to notice this when we go in.
 Wait a second, Homer. Wait a second.
 We gotta sign our names on this bulletin board before we go in.
 Oh, yeah. Well, sign mine and hurry up.
 Wait a second.
 Hey, who brought us my hair look?
 Why worry about a thing like that?
 You should see yours.
 Just pull up your pajamas and come on.
 Quiet, Homer, quiet.
 She was. West Miss Wheeler.
 Miss Wheeler, I don't know.
 Hey, hey Lucy.
 Why?
 Where's Miss Wheeler?
 She got called down to the office.
 She did?
 But where are we in luck?
 Is the exam started?
 Yes, the papers are up there on the desk.
 Come on, honey, let's get them and get started.
 The period's almost half-throat.
 Boy, I wish I had time to eat some breakfast.
 My stomach's turning over.
 Hand me your pajamas and slipping off too.
 The point is this, Miss Wheeler. Yes, Mrs. Oldridge. I do appreciate you coming down here to the office when I know you're holding an examination upstairs.
 But don't you think there's something wrong when a boy has to study half the night and then get up practically before sunrise and study some more?
 I do indeed, Mrs. Aldrich, and I hope you won't misunderstand.
 But my observation has been that Henry doesn't pay as much attention as he should.
 Miss Wheeler, if Henry were the only one who had to study practically all night, it would be different.
 But Homer Brown stayed up just as late and was up again at sunrise.
 Mrs. Aldrich, I hope you won't misinterpret what I'm about to say.
 But Homer Brown doesn't pay any better attention than your thunder.
 And incidentally, if you would care to look on that desk, you'll find Henry's copy of
 Cicero.
 It was found in de Haven's drugstore yesterday.
 Oh, really?
 Oh, well, naturally I realize Henry isn't perfect, Miss Wheeler.
 But don't you think that if a subject is made interesting, young people will take an interest
 in it?
 I appreciate your frankness, Mrs. Aldrich.
 And I certainly hope you won't think I'm in any way criticizing.
 And when Henry finished his teaser class last year, I went to Mr. Bradley and I told him
 I felt it was extremely unwise for us to permit him to take Cicero this year.
 And just how do you expect Henry to get into college without Cicero?
 By working, Mrs. Aldrich.
 By working very hard.
 I see.
 Is there a public telephone here I might use?
 Ms. Shea, would you please show Mrs. Aldrich where the telephone is?
 Well, there's a booth right over here in the corner, Mrs. Ulrich.
 Thank you. Thank you very much.
 Good day, Miss Wheeler.
 Good-bye, Mrs. Ulrich.
 What's the matter with her?
 Is it my fault her son had to sit up all night getting ready for tomorrow's exam?
 Maro, I thought you were giving exams today.
 I am, but only in Julis Caesar.
 Cicero is tomorrow.
 [applause]
 [applause]
 (audience applauding)
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 Tonight, theater guild on the air
 raises the curtain on another fine dramatic presentation
 by some of the superb actors the guild has teamed up
 with the outstanding plays of the past and present.
 Tonight's play is the Square Peg,
 starring Thomas Mitchell, Delmaritha and Jane Wyatt.
 And of course, no Sunday would be complete
 without a visit to those two happy householders,
 Phil Harris and Alice Fade.
 This curly-headed wonder of the airwaves
 can usually get himself involved in something
 that requires Alice's talented hand to unravel.
 Then your two regular NBC thrillers--
 Dragnet and Barry Craig, confidential investigator,
 come along next.
 Barry, played by William Gargon, clears up a thrilling mystery.
 While Dragnet, with Jack Webb, his sergeant Joe Friday,
 offers another case history from the files
 of the Los Angeles police.
 So stay tuned to NBC on Sunday nights
 for the tops in radio entertainment.
 (upbeat music)
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldridge.
 Due to the fact that Henry and Homer overslept this morning,
 they arrived at school 20 minutes late
 and have gone in to take the wrong Latin exam.
 This is Aldrich who assumes that they got up in time has taken their side in the trouble that follows.
 This scene opens in the examination room.
 Boy, oh boy.
 Oh, we're not so loud.
 Henry, did you ever see a tougher exam?
 I'll say.
 I don't recognize any part of it.
 Boy, Homer, am I hungry?
 I'm so hungry, everything's spinning.
 Henry, have you answered, Annie?
 Not yet.
 Maybe these were on the pages we were going to study this morning, but didn't.
 Henry, here's one I recognize. Here's one.
 Which one is it?
 Winnie-Witty-Witty.
 What about you?
 For sure, don't you remember?
 He came in, he fell down, he got up, he went out.
 Come on.
 Homer, don't tell me, don't tell me, that's cheating.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Excuse me, Mr. Bradley, but did you send for me?
 Yes, Miss Wheeler, come right here.
 Tell me, have you Henry Aldrich's and Homer Brown's examination papers with you?
 No, I'm afraid I haven't. I sent the boys home with them.
 Oh, dear, that's too bad.
 I didn't know you wanted to see them, Mr. Bradley.
 I also gave Henry his copy of Cicero, his mother, left in the telephone booth.
 Yes.
 Well, I'm sorry about the papers because Henry's father and Homer's father
 are dropping in for a talk in a few minutes.
 You don't say so.
 I thought they might find those examination papers
 rather than lightning.
 You mean the fact that they took an exam in Caesar
 and thought it was in Cicero?
 Yeah.
 Never mind.
 I've sent for Ms. Johnson to come in.
 That will help some.
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 You're referring, of course, to that awful thing Henry
 and Homer did this morning.
 Yes, I am.
 Well, I'm certainly glad you're going to repost them.
 If Ms. Aldrich and Mr. Brown think for one minute
 at this school--
 Excuse me, Mr. Bradley.
 Mr. Aldrich and Mr. Brown are here to see you.
 Thank you, Ms. Shea. Please show them in.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Mother, could I have just one more sip, please?
 Yeah, you are, dear.
 Now, put your head back on the pillow.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Just when did this awful headache begin, Henry?
 Well, it's a funny thing, Mother.
 Just as I began taking that Latin exam,
 everything began to spin.
 With me, Mrs. Orville, did I begin to spin?
 I began to spin--
 boy, I'm still spinning.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, you just stay in that bed over there, Homer.
 And Henry, you stay in this bed, and you're both
 going to feel just fine.
 And I don't have to go home and tell my folks that--
 I don't have to go home and tell them?
 No Homer, I'll phone them.
 But when you do, Mrs. Olives, would you mind not mentioning my Latin exam?
 Because my father was sort of counting on me not having a breakdown until school was over for the year.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hello!
 Yes, Sammy, you back?
 Henry comes and I want to see him.
 He's right here, dear.
 I'd like him to come down here.
 Who, I, father?
 Dear, he can't possibly come.
 You'll have to come up here.
 Up there?
 Where is he?
 What's the reason he can't come down?
 We're right here.
 I want to have a talk with him.
 Hello, Father.
 Henry, what are you doing in your mother's bed?
 Why, uh--
 And who's that in my bed?
 Hello, Mr. Augins.
 Now, Sam, let's not talk quite so loud.
 Both of the boys are feeling just terrible.
 I should think they would.
 I should think they'd want to crawl right under the bed.
 Who I, Father?
 Yes.
 I ought to take you out of school and put you to work.
 Why, Sam, older--
 Alice, do you realize what's happened to me? Do you realize?
 Dear, I don't even know what you're talking about.
 Didn't you phone and ask me to go over and have a talk with Mr. Bradley?
 - And didn't Will Brown and I go? - Oh, boy.
 Now, dear, you're Henry Father.
 It was your duty to go and get things straightened out.
 I got them straightened out, Alice. I have never been so humiliated, so shagrind.
 So what, Mr. Aldrich?
 We'll skip the fact that after studying Caesar for two years and Cicero for one year,
 you boys don't know the difference between the two.
 Did they tell you about that?
 They did.
 Well, Father, it isn't as though I didn't know the difference.
 As a matter of fact, when I walked into the examination, I noticed all the faces were different.
 Well, sure. We thought they were taking makeup exams.
 Sam, what happened?
 Alice, don't you get into this.
 I'm skipping the fact that you left Henry's Latin book in the phone booth.
 Oh, is that where I left it?
 [audience laughter]
 Mother, how did you happen to do a thing like that?
 We'll skip everything except two questions.
 First, what were you boys doing prowling through the girls' gymnasium, trying to flirt?
 [audience laughter]
 What, mind you, with Miss Johnson, the girls' gym teacher?
 When did we ever do that, Mr. Aldridge?
 When did we ever do that?
 What have you even whistled at her?
 Was that Miss Johnson on the parallel bars?
 And second, who may I ask is going to pay for your tutoring during Easter vacation?
 For tutoring, Father? What tutoring?
 What do you mean, "what tutoring"?
 The tutoring that you signed up for.
 Where, Mr. Arnold?
 On the bulletin board, I saw your signatures of my own eyes right outside of the room.
 Is that what we signed?
 Not for a course in Caesar. Not for a course in Cicero.
 But put a course in advance, trigonometry.
 [audience laughing]
 Triggin' armagery.
 Now listen, Henry, did you sign my name to that?
 He did, Homer.
 And Henry, that's exactly what you get for not paying attention.
 I'll answer the phone, it's probably the police.
 The police, father, did you report me to the police?
 I did not, but on top of everything else,
 when I got home a few minutes ago,
 I found the car had been stolen.
 Mr. Olaj, I didn't even touch it.
 I've been right up here in bed all the time.
 Sam, how could anyone have taken it out of our garage?
 Hello.
 Central High School, may I ask you to Mr. Orange, please?
 This is Mr. Orange. Now what's happened?
 Mr. Orange, I'm sorry, but Mr. Bradley wants to know when he can come down here and let him out.
 Let him out? Let him out?
 Yes, you left your car right in front of the driveway and it's locked and we can't move it.
 Well, I'll be right over.
 - Sam, who was it? - Nothing, not a thing.
 [laughter]
 - They just found my car. - They did father where?
 - If you know what's good for you young man, you'll get out of bed and study your sister-old right now.
 - But father, that's the beautiful part of it. We've got the first three orations all studied.
 - Henry, it might interest you to know that your examination tomorrow is not on the first three orations, but on the last three.
 - The last three? The last three, Mr. Aldridge?
 She was what am I getting out of bed for?
 Henry, that's the doorbell.
 You have your bathrobe on. Go down and see who it is.
 Yes, mother. And here, take your sister off.
 Oh, yes, sure. Thank you very much. Come on, Homer.
 Oh, this I never wanted to think of another thing like this.
 You know, I had a feeling all the time you didn't pay any attention
 to what Miss Wheeler said about the exam.
 Why? Hi, Henry.
 Oh, boy. What's the matter?
 Here, look through the window by the front door. Look who's out there.
 Oh, boy, Homer, it's Miss Wheeler.
 It's Miss Wheeler.
 Henry, I'm going down to the basement.
 (audience laughing)
 Wait a second, Homer, you gotta stay here and face her.
 How do you do, Henry?
 How do you do, Miss Wheeler?
 I'm very sorry to have to bother you,
 but do you happen to have those examination questions
 you answered today?
 Oh, yeah, sure. They're right here in this just room.
 We've been sort of looking them over
 and realizing what a mistake we made.
 Really? I don't know what that was.
 When I gave them to you, I just wasn't paying attention.
 That is, um...
 Did you read what was written on the back of them?
 No, Miss Wheeler, we had a hard enough time reading what was on the front.
 Now I have to please...
 Oh, sure here.
 Thank you so much.
 These questions on the back of your examination tomorrow.
 Goodbye.
 What's that?
 You mean...
 Lesson Homer, why don't you ever pay attention to anything?
 [applause]
 Red Cross disaster plans have always been developed on the assumption that it can happen here.
 This means a big volunteer job for a great many people.
 At the same time it offers everyone an opportunity to be trained and ready to do a job in case of a local or national emergency.
 Disaster preparedness is emergency preparedness. Your help is needed.
 Call the Red Cross and offer your services also.
 And don't forget, this is Red Cross Month.
 month. Won't you be generous in your 1953 contribution to the Red Cross Fund appeal?
 Answer the call. Give generously.
 The Aldrich family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith. Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are house Jameson and Barbara Robbins. Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich family.
 Good night, everybody.
 [Applause]
