 [Music]
 Hostum presents...
 And...
 [Music]
 Henry Olga!
 Coming, Mother!
 [Applause]
 Hostum presents the Olga's family written by Clipper Ghost.
 Entertainment for All the Family, brought to you by Postam, attempting
 Muslim drinks for all the families. Postam.
 [Music]
 Tonight we offer as a curtain raiser that most nostalgic form of entertainment
 From the good old days.
 The barber shop quartet.
 Are you ready, man?
 He is more to be pretty than special.
 When he ought to like me, clear up on right, far and high.
 I play in just one of those lagging.
 Far home, half-decast isn't right.
 No, not right
 Do not spawn in this world's path for my need
 Do not laugh at this world, be gone fake
 Mmm, ooh, fake
 What you need is some helpful instructions
 On the facts that apply to this case
 Those facts, friends, are big
 Even can drink coffee without any facts
 There are many others who spend the wakeful night every time they touch coffee.
 Now, there is a mealtime drink which is capping pretty, stimulant drink.
 It cannot keep anybody awake, and it has a perfectly grand flavor.
 So to those of you who are affected by coffee, we say...
 You're not dally, but stop making possums.
 In our rich hands, I must see this drink.
 The sweet drink, drink
 She has to knock a trick into some time
 You can sleep without moving
 Only
 Bitful some time
 [Music]
 Epidol's teenage boys have an explosive but genuine point of view on their own,
 which grown-ups can appreciate but rarely understand.
 Every old rich knows that.
 But she opens on a business trade in front of a busy store.
 Henry's sister is she.
 But Henry, mother is working for it.
 That doesn't make any difference, Mary.
 I'm not gonna go down mainstream doing anything of foolish about it.
 Alright then, Henry, if you know I take mother her cheese, alright.
 But if she asked me why she didn't get it, I'll dress power.
 But, Mary, it isn't a cheese, I mind.
 Why do I have to carry your darn obelor in your pocketbook, too?
 Henry, I told you exactly 12 times I'm going over to play tennis with me.
 You know, we play tennis with the Anderson.
 Put the Mary in the first place, that's a green and yellow umbrella.
 And you're drawing pocketbooks practically as big as a suitcase.
 Oh, I can. Oh, you're all mothers waiting for cheese to put on a dish
 and fixing for your own dinner. And there she's wasting the kitchen
 wondering where the cheese is and who's then collecting a crowd.
 She's waiting for her and your candy.
 How about Father Garnish so when he comes home and finds those shoes on anything?
 How are you going to play Tim?
 Don't marry not too loud. I'll take it.
 And you're a dimmett.
 Well, thanks, Kevin. You're coming to your senses.
 Here's the tea. You can hear the pocketbook in the umbrella.
 But now, wait a minute, Mary.
 I haven't got time, Henry. Just take it home.
 But, Mary, why can't at least take your own grow-up?
 Listen, Agnes.
 How many ways you guys just deal with her?
 None of your business.
 She was cut out of my way.
 Oh, isn't he neat? Oh, isn't he neat?
 See, I'm mentally down in this wind.
 Listen, everybody. This business is funny.
 You realize my mother's waiting for a tea?
 Oh, is that the way your mother sent you shopping, Henry?
 I never mind.
 Now listen, Charlie, stop trying to twist my sister's umbrella.
 See, hear me?
 Bear, Darnie, you made me bite against the lamp post.
 Who did?
 Henry, he didn't hurt it any.
 He didn't too act.
 He won't even open now.
 I bet it will too.
 Go ahead, open it up.
 Yeah.
 I'll show you.
 Well, it opened.
 Oh, look at the tower, Henry.
 Holy whiz.
 Hey, Henry, you're petty post-jose.
 I was telling you, broken.
 I did not.
 You got it opened, didn't you?
 Yeah, Darnie.
 But she was like, "Can't close it! I can't close it!"
 [MUSIC]
 Well, don't you think that's interesting, Alice? That book I was telling you about?
 Yes, Harriet. That's what I want to know is, what's become of Mary?
 Mary, are you expecting her?
 Yes, of course. She said she'd bring the cheese right home, and I can't put this macaroni in the oven until it gets here.
 But don't you think that's revealing, Alice?
 I mean what I was telling you about that book.
 What book about people having complexes?
 Now you take the barseg or your wrong maple string.
 You spoke for just finding out why he's always been afraid of water.
 Why has he?
 Well, once when Jimmy was just a baby, his mother left him alone in a bathtub and he got scared.
 And so today naturally, he's afraid of all water in general.
 - Nancy, sir. - I love there are lots of young people
 who have complexes about something or a shame or a sensitive.
 And nobody knows why.
 Don't you think that's increasing?
 Yes Harriet, but all I want to know is where is my cheese?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, old boy.
 Little boy.
 What?
 Come here a minute.
 Come here.
 I won't hurt you.
 Let's see what the umbrella is for.
 Would you like to have me let you carry it for me?
 That is, would you-- here take it.
 Oh, me?
 Yeah, sure.
 And would you like to take this nice big pocket book?
 No.
 I had you don't have to carry it very far look I'll give you a nickel no you think I'll
 long look like I sissy or sissy she was what I would put an idea like that in your head no
 okay okay how about a dime I don't believe well I got four cents here in my pocket and
 well just a second while I open this pocketbook you mean that's when you carry your money
 well money and cheese and things here hold us on brawler she was there doesn't seem to be any
 money in here well here take you on well back now wait a minute if soon as we
 get home my mother would be very glad to give you a 10th and I guess you are of
 course she's very anxious about about now here take these things okay what if
 anybody asked I'm gonna say they're yours she was nobody's going to notice
 you now come on okay which way do we go I'll show you I'll show you and listen
 don't walk beside me why not decide what's what enough go on drop behind me about
 10 yards, but don't lose sight of me.
 Okay.
 Hey, you already were to get the power, so...
 Don't want me to let you win it?
 And now listen, boy, there's not to be any party with that stuff.
 This little is just telling them where to get off and say,
 "Do you see that yellow sign in two blocks up the street?"
 What about it?
 That's as far as I go for a dime.
 From there on, to another nickel, high in rate.
 Or who, what are you doing down here?
 Don't let me against this telephone pole.
 Wait a second, I'll walk along with you.
 Well, listen, I hope I won't be kicking you out of your white home.
 You're right, homie. I'm not going anyplace. Hey look at me. Look at that kitten back of it. Where?
 Haring the lady's pocketbook and the umbrella over his head. Oh, yes, I wonder where he came from. Boy, Henry. If he doesn't look crazy.
 In the first a while, where were you? Here you go, Henry. Boy, you see, we got back and hid the pants off. Oh, no, homie. Oh, no. Okay, Henry. Let's cross the street before the light changes.
 Wait a minute stop pulling me
 No, but why do we have to run
 We just gotta cross and turn let's go down this way well
 First could you wait a second for why I just want to wait here on the corner until
 Isn't that strange? I wanted to kill looking for nothing. I just wanted you on the corner until oh
 Oh boy.
 Now Sam don't be upset, it isn't my fault.
 I'm not upset, don't you were having dinner early tonight, so I came to...
 You can't hold my cheese, and I've been holding everything until she gets here.
 Alice, I'm not complaining.
 And that saying seems to me that in a family this time you ought to have some distance.
 And Sam I tried to, but I certainly didn't know you'd get home before the cheese.
 Alice, in your area?
 It's Sam's still upset.
 Well, I'm too thinking you are letting sit down at the table, even if dinner isn't entirely ready.
 Harry, why would we do a thing like that?
 Listen, didn't I just hear Mary come in with a cheese?
 Mary! Mary!
 Henry!
 Mother, are you calling I?
 Henry, is that you?
 Will you come here to here?
 Mother, has anybody been here?
 Has anyone been here? No.
 Not anyone?
 Has anyone asked for a dime?
 What's that?
 Well, he might have asked for 15 cents,
 but I hope he didn't give a choice.
 Henry, what are you talking about?
 Well, I'll tell you, Aunt Harriet.
 Has anyone seen Mary?
 No, Henry, I'm just gonna ask you whether you've seen her.
 So why is she here?
 Why, uh, I didn't see her. You saw her handling where?
 Why, I think it was downtown in front of the Emporium.
 -How are you? -What's him?
 I don't want to appear to be rushing you, but I'm all washed in a time you're done and ready.
 Then Mary disappears with the cheese.
 -She's what? -She's telling.
 I mean, look, mother, why don't you advance me part of week after next allowance?
 Let me run out and get yourself.
 Now dear, I can think of no reason why you should pay for it.
 Why not? After all, you pay for the first fee, and this fee's handling is going to come right out of Mary's pocket.
 You mean over here?
 Yeah, Henry, take this money and get some cheese and bring back the cheese.
 Yes, Father.
 You found the ration points out in the kitchen.
 Mother!
 Oh, boom.
 Mary, is that you?
 I'll go out the kitchen door and come to the back way to the store.
 Henry, come back!
 Mary, here!
 It's too late, I will see you gone.
 Mother, I'm sorry, I'm a couple of minutes late, but I'll do all the dishes for you.
 Thank you, dear.
 That's very kind of.
 You, I'm sure.
 What's that?
 Never mind apologizing, Mary.
 Why did you take your cheese to play tennis?
 What's that, Father?
 Where's the cheese?
 Where's the cheese?
 Father, didn't Henry bring it home?
 Who?
 Mary, I didn't send Henry for it. I said you for it.
 Yes, Mother, I meant to make sure it got here. I sent Henry home with it.
 Oh, that's how worried I was about it.
 Where's my pocketbook? Your thoughts? My pocketbook and my umbrella?
 You mean you left them someplace? Mother, what did he do with them? What did he do with them?
 [MUSIC]
 Excuse me, but could you give me some ideas for some of the things you carry in the store?
 Stationary writing papers.
 Pencils?
 Well, do you carry cheese?
 Cheese!
 Boy, every store I've been to is closed in my farm.
 Have you seen a boy about this tall with a green and yellow umbrella?
 A green and yellow farm?
 He was just a little kid about so high as when the traffic lights changed.
 Do you know of any way of cooking macaroni without cheese?
 Macaroni without pork?
 Sure, it's my father's favorite dish.
 Hm.
 Well, do you have a triflex with tomato sauce or bread crumbs?
 Tomato sauce or clums?
 Not an idea.
 Look, would you mind foaming my mother and telling her how I fix it, please?
 No, but if she asks for me, don't tell her you're seen me.
 Mrs. Org, you mean to say he didn't even come home for dinner?
 No, Homer.
 Oh boy, he promised to go to the movies with me tonight.
 And boy, if he doesn't get here soon, we're gonna be late.
 Oh boy, do you mean to say Henry doesn't even know the name of the boy he gave in their his pocketbook and umbrella too?
 No, Mrs. Org.
 He came up to a bar here on me.
 And he had pants in the sweater on, and he came out of a clear sky and disappeared into a clear sky.
 Ahh!
 Yes, Sam!
 May I have to pray you ever got the idea of putting crumbs on my corona?
 The year someone phoned me just before dinner and told me about it, men hung up.
 And I'm so surprised I just went ahead and did it!
 [laughter]
 Eh?
 Well, don't ever do it again!
 Boy, if Henry's much lighter, look and I have to sit right in the front row.
 And will I have a stiff necked mark?
 Mother!
 Henry is actually...
 He was Henry where have you been?
 Well, Mother Henry, where is Mary's pocketbook and umbrella and your father's keys?
 That's what I want to try to tell you.
 First, Henry, may I ask something?
 Homer, would you please wait out in the halls?
 Yes, Mrs. Orridge.
 Only when do you think we can start for the movie?
 Not my sister's ministry and now please leave the room.
 Yes, Mrs. Orridge.
 Only the last time I had a stiff neck it lasted a couple of days.
 Homer, don't you realize my mother's trying to give me a...
 Not Mary.
 I'm making up a list of all the things that ran my pocketbook.
 in my pocketbook, and I'm very much afraid I'm gonna have to hold you responsible for
 nothing.
 Well, I happen to know there wasn't any money in it.
 He means it's not I suppose your little son went through it too.
 Mary, he was not my little friend.
 Then who was he?
 He was just someone that was carrying it for me.
 Then I phone half a dozen different people to find out whether any of them knew who the
 kid was.
 Well, I certainly couldn't get all out during the next two years.
 Mary, if it was...
 Well, cheer y'all, Penny.
 It's all a promise.
 We'd increase the 20 cents a week beginning next October.
 Me and me.
 They're telling us not to.
 Homer Henry appreciate your wanting to take him, but I'm afraid you'd better go with Alvin
 Okay Henry, I'll keep my eyes open around the theater for any kid with an umbrella
 Goodbye!
 Where are you?
 Where are you?
 Where are you?
 Hello, Henry!
 You mind that, Harriet?
 Good night!
 Where are you going to bed this early?
 Right, yes I feel a little tired.
 Harriet, I've never been so completely confused in my life.
 I don't know what's confusing about it.
 He's got a complex just the way everyone else has.
 He has pot?
 Alex?
 This has problems, but I've been building up in him for years.
 Didn't he tell Homer the reason he gave that boy Mary's umbrella and pocketbook and cheese was because he just couldn't carry it himself?
 Yeah, and there you are. But Harry had a complex about what?
 He's Alice. He's never like it. He's always for it. And today it's just got the best of him. That one little piece of cheese.
 Now Harry, Alice, I'm going to send that book over to you. It awaits you up to a lot of things.
 No, the way you think it's happening. Mary, what do you sound like saying?
 You know, Mother, I was sitting in the other room trying to think who that boy was and Harry doesn't seem to know anything about.
 And finally I went to the phone and called Mrs. Johnson and, oh my goodness, mother, she jumped right down my throat.
 She walked Mary.
 And Harry, I didn't know my word.
 All I said was, Mrs. Johnson could have been your boy that took my pocketbook.
 What's wrong with that?
 And she was rude to you?
 Well, of course she was. Mary, you stepped right on her complex.
 I did what? Mary isn't that the telephone idiot? Oh my goodness, mother.
 I'll go answer it.
 Mother, if it's Mrs. Johnson calling back, tell her I'm very sorry, I didn't realize she was sick.
 Hello?
 Hello.
 Mrs. Allitt, Mrs. Miller.
 I don't want to seem to be trying to talk him into letting Henry go to the movies, but I think you wanna know something.
 What about?
 It's raining, cats and dogs, Mrs. Aldrich, and everybody in terms out with their own balance.
 And the Henry's missing a great opportunity.
 [
 I'm sorry to say that you're saying your question did.
 Here, take the phone.
 Well, thank you.
 Flow?
 Can I have that, you?
 Yeah.
 Well, this is Homer.
 I'm talking to you from a booth in the theater, Henry.
 But where?
 You been a guy on your clothes and come right down here.
 Why?
 Well, they just put on a couple of hats, see?
 And there's a guy that walks a tightrope with an umbrella.
 She lives with a dog, kid?
 No, but it's umbrella, yellow, and green, Henry.
 And it might be the kid's father.
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Rather than carry his sister's pocketbook and umbrella right out on the main street,
 Henry hired a small boy to carry it for him.
 In trying to cross out a busy intersection, Henry's slave disappeared.
 The scene opens the next morning in the oldish dining room.
 Alice!
 Sir, am I such a good city's friend?
 Who's long ago?
 I have, I have, but before I leave the office, I'm gonna have a talk with Henry.
 If you ask me, it might be time he came down to breakfast.
 And Mary!
 Yes, Mother!
 I guess we're falling to jail, Mr. Two-Bother, it could have been their little girl,
 but Henry might have mistaken for a boy.
 Here, you didn't insinuate that their daughter stole anything, did you?
 No, but my goodness, people are certainly getting touchy in this town.
 Well, go upstairs and tell Henry he used to be down here in two minutes.
 Alright.
 As telling just because I said he must have been bed last night doesn't mean he can't ever come down.
 Yes, mother!
 Mother, what's the next step?
 What do you mean, Sam?
 I've called everyone I can think of that might have a small son.
 Is his own the bin?
 Yes, darling.
 Great, last.
 He's suffering with something that's pretty bad.
 She said what?
 And that's what she said.
 And you're having an awful time here on straight.
 That's just how it's imagination.
 There's nothing wrong with Henry.
 He's upstairs down the street.
 Mother!
 Yes, Mary! What did you think? Now what are you saying?
 Mary, does Henry refuse to come down?
 No, neither he isn't even up, Mary. He's apparently dressed in lots of homes.
 What's that?
 Say, I'm hearing you going.
 I'm gonna look for it.
 Well, there I go along with you.
 Why goodness, Mother, do you think he's hiding in the attic?
 Mary, tell me something.
 Confidentially, what is it, Henry's got?
 What is he got? He hasn't got anything. That's the trouble.
 What's that? Look at this, Link.
 This Homer happened to be all the articles that happened to be in my pocketbook when he happened to lose it.
 Let's see. There it is. Homer, I'm practically ruined.
 She did you have all that in one pocket book?
 I certainly do.
 Some of those things have to be irreplaceable.
 What's this word here?
 Hecticus.
 That was the late Hecticus,
 how about the long July I carry it?
 And if you even had a hand and brought an initial on it?
 Yeah, my goodness, I got that to the phone.
 Number five Mary, how'd I dress up?
 Father, did you find anything of it?
 I did not.
 Hello?
 Hello, sir, and this is Harriet.
 What are you doing home so late in the morning?
 Oh, Baba, I've just been upstairs looking for something Harriet.
 What is it you want?
 Do you realize what you've done to your son?
 To whom?
 Henry, you mean you've seen him?
 Yes I have.
 And he's in no condition to be out on the public streets.
 No, Harry, there isn't anything wrong with Henry.
 He's just as well as you and I are.
 Oh, you think he is?
 Well, what's the old run mean street for driving young children?
 He grabs them from a backstab and twists them around and looks at them and then runs on grabs another.
 You want some of them?
 His nerves must be all sharp.
 You think?
 You think?
 Harry and I'll be right over.
 * *
 *
 *
 *
 Listen, Henry, why don't you be sensible and go home and get some rent?
 Homer, it was why hereby this traffic, like it had disappeared yesterday.
 Oh, this is a pretty windy corner, Henry.
 Have you thought about that? It might have just lifted him right away.
 Look, Homer, look! Who's that boy across the street?
 Now listen, Henry, if you grab one more kid and twist him around, we're gonna get in trouble.
 trouble don't you remember it all what you look like no do you know well I might
 just possibly remember him if I saw him with an umbrella over his head wait a
 minute I'll be right back him me where are you going I'm gonna speak of this
 taxi driver that's parked here hey mister well yeah I wonder whether you
 could give me a little bit little information of you remember seeing
 anything about accident here on this corner yesterday afternoon an accident
 somebody hurt well I don't know what he was heard or not but he certainly
 disappeared yeah we can't even locate his parents what do you look like well he
 was about so high and he was carrying a big ladies pocketbook with a piece of
 cheese in an umbrella was up and wouldn't come down listen are you trying to kid
 me no which part is he don't understand go on
 do it something no she was if this is the darndest corner I've ever seen
 *Dramatic music*
 Listen, Henry. Will you please be sensible and come home? Don't you realize you need a rest?
 Now listen, Homer, stop pushing me. Just get away, just get away. Go on home yourself.
 Well, that's a nice way to talk to me. And what help have you been? This whole thing was your fault anyway.
 Well, that's appreciation for you.
 She was didn't wrangle down the Senate bill's times this morning and put an ad in the paper for what?
 See, you're darn sister's pocketbook.
 I paid for it out of my own money.
 It cost me 50 cents.
 You did?
 Yes, I did.
 Well, see, why didn't you tell me?
 Why didn't you...
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 You mean you're sorry, you're pure in public?
 Well, I said, "Thank you," didn't I?
 -Eddie-Ree!
 -She was, is that you, Father?
 -Eddie-Ree, what are you doing out here on the street?
 -Well, he's all right, Mr. Old.
 We can't get my eye on him.
 Oh, Mother, you please get away.
 For why?
 Yes, Homer, please go down the street.
 I want to have a talk with Henry.
 Yes, Mr. All.
 It's all good.
 Hey, now, what?
 Now, then, Henry, what are you doing here?
 I'm looking for Mary's pocketbook.
 Here on this corner.
 You're here.
 Henry, what's gotten into you?
 Do you realize that not only Mary is upset,
 but you have your mother upset, your Aunt Harriet upset?
 He's following.
 Excuse me.
 Henry, where are you going?
 Goodbye, Father.
 Henry, come back here.
 Henry!
 Are you sure that your sister's umbrella?
 Sure I am. Can't you see it won't come down?
 Boy, was I lucky to see that kid?
 And I certainly appreciate your recognized humor.
 But he should never have dove in tackling like that.
 I didn't hear it him Henry. I didn't run to get away from me.
 What's become of my father?
 Your father?
 Sure. I was standing right here by this traffic light home we're talking to him.
 When all of a sudden I happen to see you die for the kid way down the street in my ranch.
 And now your father's disappeared?
 We sure!
 What happens to people on this corner?
 Oh Henry, you're afraid it's an array?
 Now listen Charlie.
 [LAUGHING]
 Hello, Henry!
 I know, she's with me.
 You think I'm going to walk with you, you crazy?
 Come on away!
 Hello, Henry, you're going to a tea party?
 I'm a teacher!
 I'm a teacher!
 Professor Daxie!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 How is he, Alice?
 He's in the living room, Harriet.
 I made him lie down fine.
 That's the best thing in the world for him.
 But I'll never be able to understand
 why I had to go out in front and pay a $25
 This is taxi bill, Boring.
 Because, Alice, I told you last night he's always hated it.
 Hey, there's what?
 James!
 You lied to me, Mother.
 I want you to smell something.
 What, Mary?
 My lipstick, my lipstick.
 So, my goodness, be gone hold that under my nose.
 I can't possibly use it, Mother.
 Superbook, who's thinking I have an eating a cheese sandwich.
 My whole pocketbook smells like a delicate testin'.
 What's that, Mary?
 If someone even has a delicate testin',
 it's 'cause I have something to eat.
 Can't you feel hungry?
 Hungry?
 Sure, I haven't had any breakfast or lunch.
 Well, I can't get you anything until I've answered this phone.
 Hello?
 Hello, Alice. This is Sam.
 Get in the car and drive over the wheel-browns. I need $25.
 What for?
 I was down on Main Street, Alice, and I tried to take an umbrella away from a small boy.
 His mother saw me and now I'm in jail.
 Oh, my goodness!
 We're down in St.
 I'm sorry, but I've got to go.
 But my sister lost on Main Street by Henry Olgick.
 One silk lady's umbrella, one pocketbook containing three lips in.
 Watch that, one eyebrow pencil, six bobby pins, one kidney goodnight compact.
 One what? One last head to hip with an issue, eight embroidered in corner.
 Now, Mary Henry, wait till I get home. I'm gonna kill him. I'm gonna kill him.
 with initial ace embroidered in corner.
 Now, Mary Henry, wait till I get home.
 I'm gonna kill him.
 I'm gonna kill him.
 Hell, you know, if he's getting violent, it's that key.
 [Music]
 If coffee gives you a way, try capping free post-dom.
 It comes in two forms.
 Regular post-dom, which is ground jump-dried for pot percolator or drip-maker,
 or instant post-dom, which is made so easily right in the cup simply by adding boiling water.
 Made either way, post-dom pays twelve.
 [Music]
 Food is a weapon of war.
 You heard that statement before I know, but do you realize consciously what it means?
 Do you realize that our American food can give our own fighting men and our allies
 the fighting age they need to smash the actors?
 It can help prevent the spread of starvation and disease in liberated countries.
 It can help secure the cooperation of the people in those countries in working out a lasting
 peace.
 Yes, that's the way food can fight for freedom.
 But you personally must help by conserving food in your home.
 Don't start by keeping the home front leg.
 That means buy food that are plentiful rather than difficult to make but scarce food.
 Never accept russian food without taking in the correct number of russian points.
 Let's begin next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half-hour with your favorite youngster, his family and his pals.
 The old rich family is written by Clifford Goldsmith, conducted by Jack Miller.
 (water rushing)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
