 It's the Aldrich family. I beg your pardon. We said it's the Aldrich family. Yes, it's the Aldrich family presented by the Jell-O family. J-E-L-L-O. Oh, Meredith, Meredith, will I? Well, it's my talking people all ready to enjoy the Aldrich family. Oh, hey, hey, what's the matter here? Got to do the dinner dishes.
 You can still listen to Henry in a homer and do the dinner dishes too.
 Hey! Good idea, Bob.
 You bet it's a good idea, Bob.
 Did you have a good dinner?
 You bet!
 You!
 Sounds like you had smooth as green jello puddings, maybe.
 Uh...
 No.
 No.
 Well, then maybe the pudding with the personality and the dimple?
 Jello tapioca pudding?
 Right.
 Did you have jello tapioca pudding?
 Uh...
 No.
 No.
 Well, then what did you have for dessert?
 The world will famous shimmery
 These are...
 That's jello.
 In those six delicious flavors
 Starting with strawberry
 Let's berry
 Cherry
 Lemon
 Lemon
 Mmmm
 Mmmm
 Can't eat
 out health
 Oh
 Would you like it?
 Oh no, not much
 I hope I'll speak to you
 Hey, look at that clock.
 It's time for...
 The Aldrich family, based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith,
 and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kelke as Homer.
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 A Ming Mother!
 [applause]
 Life's greatest gift is you.
 And fortunately, it isn't confined to anyone age.
 Youth can be recaptured at any time by anyone
 who simply shares the experiences of an enthusiastic teenage boy
 like Henry Aldridge.
 The scene opens in Henry's bedroom. It is Saturday morning.
 Now listen, Henry, that's no way to hold it.
 It is so y-you have to tip it.
 Then how can you get the knife in?
 Homer, what go? Gee whiz, whose piggy bank is this anyway?
 Okay, go ahead if you're so smart.
 Why should I help you scrape up money to throw down the drain?
 What do you mean down the drain?
 If I can get enough money out of this bank, I'm gonna ask Kathleen to go to a movie tonight.
 Henry, you're crazy. You take Kathleen to a movie in what have you got?
 A lot of memories and a good night kiss. If you're lucky.
 What's wrong with that? Well, you can do that any old time.
 But boy, it isn't every day in the week that Springer's hardware has a grab bag sale.
 That's just it, Homer. You buy a grab bag and where are you?
 But take Kathleen to the movies and at least you know what you're getting.
 Sure. So why not buy a grab bag and get pleasantly surprised?
 Boy, another dime!
 How much have you got out of your bank now?
 50 cents so far.
 50 cents?
 And there's one more coin in here.
 Boy, if I had 50 cents, I'd get my best friend and pull our money and invest it in a grab bag.
 Now wait a minute Homer, how much money have you actually got?
 A dime.
 Okay, so stop wasting your breath on grab bags.
 My mind is made up.
 What Henry, did I tell you those grab bags have values up to ten dollars in them?
 Hey, look, a quarter!
 Yeah?
 That gives me exactly enough to cover Kathleen.
 Two balcony seats, two sodas, and a nickel's worth of candy.
 Oi, what you couldn't get at spring or $0.75.
 $0.75?
 You mean they have grab bags as low as that?
 Sure, none of them are over a dollar.
 Homer, you're crazy.
 Are you telling me they have $10 values all for under a dollar?
 Sure, it's the chance of a lifetime, Henry. You can't lose.
 But how can you be sure what you're getting?
 That's the beautiful part. You can. That's where the fun comes in.
 See, it does sound interesting.
 And you know what you might win, Henry? That bicycle pump you've been lying.
 Oh, boy. Do you really think so?
 Oh, Henry.
 Yes, Father?
 You think that's out here in the hall a moment?
 Sure, Father.
 Homer, wait here.
 Okay, but don't be long.
 I have it just passing your room, Henry. I couldn't help overhearing.
 You mean about the grab bag sale, Father?
 Then that sounds swell.
 Frankly, son, it sounds a little risky to me.
 to me.
 Risky for other gee wizards the chance of a lifetime.
 When you invest in one of those grab bags you can't lose.
 Even though you have no idea what it might be inside.
 But that's the beautiful part father.
 There might be anything inside.
 There might also be nothing.
 But Homer said their value is up to ten dollars.
 Henry, I want you to make your own decision in this matter.
 But remember one thing, merchants can very seldom afford to give away anything valuable.
 But, father, do you know what I might get for seventy-five cents?
 A bicycle pump.
 Henry, you're being very optimistic.
 I have it on good authority.
 Now, son, I know all about grab bags.
 I've had my fingers burned. You haven't.
 But, Father, these bags are entirely different.
 Henry, let me explain one more thing.
 We're going to time.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Hello, Kathleen.
 Listen, I'm phoning from Springer's hardware, see?
 Oh, hello, Mr. Springer.
 And who?
 What?
 Kathleen, this is Henry.
 I'm down here at Springer's with Homer and his dime.
 You are?
 Sure.
 And look, how would you like to go to the movies tonight?
 The movies?
 I'd love to, Henry.
 And sit in the balcony?
 Uh-huh.
 Way in the back?
 Uh-huh.
 What's playing?
 Playing?
 Kathleen, don't you like me anymore?
 (audience laughing)
 - Of course I do.
 - I know, but, well, Gee, you never used to ask
 what was playing.
 - Well, honey, it's a perfectly minor point.
 - Okay, then it's all settled.
 I'll come by for you right after supper.
 - Thanks, Henry.
 Goodbye.
 - Goodbye.
 - Hey, Henry, look at this bag here.
 - Which one?
 - This one with all the bulges in it.
 Doesn't it drive you crazy wondering what's in it?
 - Not me, Homer.
 I'm just down here to keep you company.
 She, and aren't you the least bit interested in buying anything?
 Not if I have to risk every cent I have in the world.
 Now you take this long skinny bag here.
 Yeah. It's 30 cents, isn't it?
 Sure. Go ahead, and why don't you buy it?
 Why should I spend 30 cents for just a plain ordinary yardstick?
 A yardstick? Is that all that bag is?
 Sure. And she whizzed if I hadn't listened to my father,
 I might have been carried away.
 Hiya fellas. Here comes Willie.
 Hi fellas, what you doing?
 Just looking around, Willie.
 Yeah?
 Hey, Henry, are you gonna buy that wrong thin crab bag?
 He might be, Willie.
 I am not, Homer.
 Well, can I have a fan?
 Sure, here.
 Bank!
 Oh, Mr. Springer, here's my 30 cents!
 Wait, Willie, don't you know what's in that bag?
 Don't tell him, Homer.
 Don't tell him.
 You know how stubborn Willie is.
 Yeah, but...
 Let him get burnt by himself.
 It'll be a good lesson for him.
 Hey, you wanna watch me open my bag?
 Sure, Willie.
 I'll now stand back, fellas.
 Boy, I bet you'll get a surprise, Willie.
 - Yeah, I hope so.
 Hey!
 - What is it, Willie?
 Let's see.
 - Oh boy.
 - Oh boy.
 - A collapsible fishing rod.
 Just what I've always wanted.
 - Gee, those things cost about $7.
 Just think, Henry, you could have had it.
 - Yeah, but I could have sworn it.
 Let's see that fishing rod, Willie.
 Boy, this is slick.
 - Well, I'll say.
 - Gee, Gee, are you lucky?
 - I sure am.
 Well, sworn, fellas.
 Where are you going, Lily?
 - Fresh 'em?
 - Boy.
 - Boy.
 Henry, maybe your father still has a few things to learn.
 - Yeah.
 I guess he didn't live during a period of inflation.
 (audience laughing)
 - I'll say.
 You know, Homer, I've been thinking.
 - Yeah.
 - Kathleen might enjoy a movie tonight, sure.
 Only she'd be even crazier about something
 I might win in a grab bag for her, wouldn't she?
 - Now you're talking sense, Ham.
 - Sure, Homer, come on.
 Help me pick out a grab bag.
 How about this one?
 Boy, well my father hears that merchants really do give valuable things away.
 Hey Henry.
 Hi Charlie.
 Don't bother us Charlie.
 We're busy looking for a grab bag to buy.
 Yeah, what?
 How should we know Charlie?
 We haven't bought it yet.
 Well if this told me Smith I'm going to see what he got in his grab bag.
 Listen Henry, how would you like to buy this nifty box of clothes pin?
 Clothes pins?
 What could I possibly do with clothes pins?
 Well you could use them to hang girls pictures up on your wall.
 What?
 for starting fires. Charlie you're crazy. Oh now look Henry I paid 25 cents for
 him and I'll let you have him for 20. Oh no. 15. Nothing doing. 10. Well you pay a
 quarter for a thing like that for. I got it in the grab bag and boy am I gonna
 sue Mr. Springer. Well look Charlie naturally merchants can't give away
 valuable things in every grab bag. Hey Henry get some just bought what for 60 cents.
 A paint sprayer. Why? Toby Smith for only 60 cents. Homer what could you do with a
 thing like that except spray paint. Plenty. I happen to know my father would pay five
 dollars for a new paint spray. Five dollars? Five dollars. You look. Cold cash? Cold cash? I'm the
 line Henry. He's gonna need one to paint our house. Oh boy. Oh boy. Let's start looking home where
 there might be another sprayer in these grab bags here. There might. She whizzed a bite. Where are
 you going Charlie? Home and get some more money. One thing about a paint sprayer home where you can
 and tell it by the feel of it.
 - Okay, I'll start feeling from this side.
 - Sure, and I'll start over here.
 - And we'll feel taught each other.
 - Oh, why?
 - Yes, Mr. Springer?
 - All right, but we can't allow any feeling around.
 (audience laughing)
 - Make a chance of it like everybody else.
 - Sure, Mr. Springer.
 - Boy, Homer, that's what I call loyalty.
 - How do you mean?
 - See, Mr. Springer is practically a member
 of our own family, isn't he?
 - He is.
 - Sure, he's engaged to my aunt, Harriet.
 Well frankly I don't blame him for being cranky.
 (audience laughs)
 Homer are you positive you didn't feel anything remotely like a paint spray?
 Positive. You couldn't mistake a thing like that.
 Boy what I couldn't do with five dollars.
 Makes me a week to think about it.
 Let's sit down.
 Hey, Henry.
 Yeah?
 I found one.
 A paint sprayer?
 Yeah, I'm sitting on it.
 Who were you sure?
 Sure, I'm sure.
 home where I forgot I left my 75 cents at home. Well that's a fine thing. Look Homer you stay
 right here and guard this paint sprayer while I run home for my money. But what if somebody
 else wants to buy it? Just don't let them and Homer if you can keep it for me I'll give you a dollar
 when I sell. Okay Henry run.
 It's nice of you to drop in Harry. It's sit down. I'll pour you some coffee.
 Thank you, Alice. How sad.
 He's just fine.
 How's Mr. Springer?
 Alvin? Just fine.
 Art men a problem.
 Oh.
 Have you and Alvin had a quarrel, Harry?
 Oh no, just a little disagreement.
 Alvin thinks I should take a painting again.
 Really?
 Yes, he believes in women having outside interest.
 But as I said to him, I said, "Alvin, I said frankly, I don't think I'm very talented, do you?"
 Well to tell you the absolute truth, Harry, and he said, "Yes, Harry, it's I do."
 Oh. Oh, he did.
 Of course, he admits he doesn't know a thing about art, but he knows what he likes.
 Isn't that nice?
 Four-thousand.
 He just can't help seeing me through rose-colored glasses, I guess.
 Mother!
 Oh my goodness, that's Henry.
 Mother, quick, where's my 75 cents glow in, Harry?
 Hello.
 Henry, you told me to keep it for you and not to give it to you under any circumstances until tonight.
 Mother don't you understand I've cornered a valuable grab bag and I'm going to make a killing.
 You've forgotten what your father says?
 No, only he doesn't understand. This sale is different.
 I know!
 Henry is right. I happen to know personally.
 There are some very valuable grab bags down there.
 It's very well I'll go upstairs and get your money.
 You will? That just give me time to make a phone call.
 Number please!
 Alm, 1-1-0.
 Alm, 1-1-0.
 Yes, operator.
 Harriet, I do wish you let me have.
 Mother, can you please hurry with my money?
 With my money?
 Homer's sitting on something.
 Hello.
 Hello, Kathleen.
 Let me ask you something quick.
 What is it?
 Well, suppose, just suppose you were going out dancing to the country club.
 Oh my goodness, when?
 Well, suppose it's tonight, see.
 What color dress would you be wearing?
 What color?
 Sure.
 So I could send you flowers, if.
 Flowers!
 If I provide it, I get $5 for a certain something I'm going to win and it doesn't cost too much for a tax.
 - Oh my goodness, Henry, you mean we're going in a taxi?
 - We might, so what color, Kathleen?
 - What, just any color?
 Although I do like those big black shiny ones.
 - Black flowers?
 - Are we talking about taxi?
 - No, Gee, who is?
 - Oh my goodness, well, any orchid color flower will do.
 And I have to hurry and get my hair done.
 - But, but Kathleen--
 - Well, I know, Henry, I'll see you tonight.
 - Sure, only understand, it isn't death on that,
 don't you, Kathleen?
 Kathleen!
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Now wait a minute, Charlie, what are you doing?
 - What do you mean what am I doing?
 I'm trying to pick out a paint sprayer.
 - But you're not allowed to feel a grab bag.
 You just have to take your chin.
 - Now listen Homer, since when do you own this hardware store?
 - Charlie, get away from this grab bag.
 - But it might be a paint sprayer.
 - And it might not, and besides it's reserved.
 - Then it is a paint sprayer.
 - Now listen, Charlie, not Homer, let go of me.
 Charlie don't get mad. I didn't mean to push you. Let's just talk this over
 calmly. Oh yeah listen you little pith squeeze. Charlie you're backing right
 into the garden hole. I'll take this grab bag here. Hey. Hey that's Henry's grab bag
 old lady. Homer you've got the hose looped over your arms. Lady come back. Homer look out! Hey!
 [Music]
 It's a fact, folks. More people buy jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world and no wonder.
 because you never tasted anything better than jello puddings.
 Yes, jello chocolate butter, scotch and vanilla puddings,
 chuck full of old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 Try 'em. Compare them.
 See if you don't say that jello puddings are richer, creamier,
 more all-around delicious, and they cook to perfection in just about five minutes.
 Ask your grocer for jello puddings and say,
 better ask for three packages while you're about it, so you'll be prepared for the weekend.
 That's Jell-O putting.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldridge.
 Hoping to make a fortune from a grab bag he wants to buy and then sell for a profit,
 Henry has been planning to entertain Kathleen elaborately this evening.
 But his chances of getting the money are now getting slimmer and slimmer.
 The scene opens in a back room of Alvin Springer's Sanderville Hardware Store.
 It is the same morning.
 Excuse me, Mr. Have you seen anything of my friend Homer Brown?
 I have no friend of mine Henry already.
 Homer, is that you?
 Sure, just look at it.
 I am, Gee, what has happened to your face?
 Never mind my face. That'll wash off.
 But how can I get all this pain and grease off my clothes?
 What have you been doing?
 Boy, everything. Hoisting paint drums, mixing putty, filling turpentine bottles.
 But why?
 Just because I had a little accident trying to save your darn grab back.
 You mean it's gone, but I was counting on that five dollars.
 Kathleen thinks I'm taking her out dancing tonight.
 Listen, Henry. How much do you think you could sell an outboard motor for?
 An outboard motor? Homer, you're crazy.
 Who's crazy? You know the one Mr. Springer's had in his window for two years.
 Sure, but it just happened an hour ago. I saw him lugging into that room over there
 Yeah, and then he came back in here with that box and he said whoever buys it this afternoon is gonna get the surprise of their life
 Homer do you mean it and it's only 75 so sure it's what they call a sleeper. Oh
 Boy gee I could sell that for ten times as much as the paint sprayer sure so you owe me ten dollars
 Oh, hold on. Second thought I probably can't get more than five times as much.
 Now listen, listen.
 Look, why don't I go out now and round up a prospective buyer?
 Oh, Homer.
 Mr. Springer, what time are those grab bags going on sale?
 It looks like Char, Henry.
 You're sure you won't sell any of them before that?
 Nope.
 Gee, that's, well, goodbye, Homer. I'll be back.
 Homer, I've been keeping an eye on you this morning. You've certainly done a good job back here.
 I have.
 Yes, sir. And to show my appreciation, I'm going to let you have any grab bag you'd like for that dime of yours.
 a dime. You mean I can have any bag at all? Yes sir. You mean I could even have the
 outboard motor. What outboard motor? Oh gee I shouldn't have mentioned it. I mean
 this big grab bag right here. Oh Murr that isn't an outboard motor. It isn't. Oh boy
 is Henry gonna get a surprise.
 [Music]
 Hello!
 Hello, Kathleen!
 Henry, is it only you?
 What do you mean, only me?
 Oh my goodness, you dragged me out from under the dryer!
 I did?
 I'm standing right here positively dripping!
 Look, Kathleen, I just wanted to tell you that the thing I'm selling now is much more valuable than the thing I was selling before!
 It is, Henry!
 Yeah!
 What is?
 I can't tell you. I'm down at the Acme Machine Works right now.
 And we are going to the country cup tonight, aren't we?
 Sure, absolutely. And not only that.
 Yes?
 Kathleen, how would you feel about a season ticket?
 A season ticket?
 Sure, and go every Saturday night in the year.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Boy, Mr. Springer, the grand prize.
 You're certainly the lucky one today, Homer.
 It's the only thing I ever won in my whole life.
 Do you mind if I use your phone?
 Go ahead.
 Thanks.
 Now, Brooklyn.
 I owe him 6-1-0.
 I owe him 6-1-0.
 She and Mr. Springer, to think Henry's Aunt Harriet painted that all by herself.
 Yes, sir, and she's never had a lesson in her life.
 Would you believe it?
 Well, to tell you the truth...
 Neither would I.
 All it needs now is a nice brand.
 Hello!
 Hello, mother.
 Guess who this is?
 Oh, my don't be silly.
 Listen, Mother, a wonderful thing just happened.
 I just bought a grab bag.
 I thought you didn't have enough money to buy one.
 Well, I didn't, but Mr. Springer just had me move a few paint drums and gave it to me for practically nothing.
 Really?
 And, Mother, I won the grand prize.
 You are?
 Sure, and it's something you've always wanted, and I'd be willing to let it go, cheat.
 Oh, Rhett, it isn't... it isn't sure.
 It's a sort of a painting.
 Oh, my heavens.
 And for the inside or the outside of the house...
 Why?
 Oh, you're a deer and now would you hang up? I'm too excited.
 Okay, and don't worry, Mother. Mr. Springer's gonna clean me up.
 That's nice, dear. Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Oh, Mr. Springer.
 Yes, Homer.
 Have you tried looking at this painting upside down?
 Oh, Alice, I just had a dash right over.
 And Mrs. will tell me again.
 Homer won the grand prize.
 We're having our house painted absolutely free.
 Oh my god.
 Oh, is it marvelous?
 And Mr. Spring has already given home with the drums of paint.
 And Mrs. and I had no idea there was anything worthwhile in those grand days.
 Oh, Alice, I still can't believe it.
 You know, Will and I had to choose this year between having a house painted
 or getting me a new fur coat and we decided on the house.
 Really?
 Yes, we agreed the house takes more of a beating in the window than I do.
 (audience laughing)
 - Mr. Booker's not mean that now?
 - Why not, Alice, why not?
 I'll get you head on, let's go look at fur coats right away.
 Shouldn't you wait until we'll,
 Alice, I'm only going to look.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello?
 Are you listening, Kathleen?
 - Of course, Henry, then what happened?
 - Well, I found a fella who had a boat, see,
 but no motor.
 Yes, and you sold him your motor?
 And not exactly.
 No.
 He sold me his boat.
 My motor!
 Well, that is, I gave him my IOU.
 And by next summer, the boat will be mine, I hope.
 Henry, that's wonderful.
 My goodness, I'll be the proudest girl at the dance.
 The dance?
 Just imagine I'll be the only one
 there dancing with a boy with an outboard motor.
 What?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Kathleen, look, about the dance.
 Yes.
 How would you feel if we were to give up all activities this winter?
 What?
 And spend two solid months sailing around in the moonlight next summer.
 But Henry, what do we do during the long winter evening?
 Why, we can polish the boat.
 Polishes?
 Yeah, and grease the motor.
 But Henry, I've just had my hair done.
 Well, I'll tell you.
 Gee, look at the time.
 It's 1.30.
 It is?
 I've got to get back to Springer's and buy my grab bag.
 But Henry!
 outboard motor right over to your house Kathleen so we can admire it together.
 Sam.
 I'm reading my paper, Ollie.
 The adenos ready.
 Yes? Where's Henry?
 Up in his room he doesn't feel like eating.
 I should think he wouldn't.
 Well, he can't say I didn't warn him.
 I told him not to count on an outboard motor.
 Here I can't help feeling sorry, Farron.
 What honor is he going to do with a bear trap?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Naturally, Alice, he's going to trap bears.
 Sam, there isn't a bear within 500 miles of here.
 Alice, I'm joking.
 I wouldn't feel so badly, Sam, if I
 thought he'd really learned a lesson from this whole thing.
 Alice learned one thing.
 At least he won't be so optimistic after this.
 When you answer the phone, dear, while I serve dinner.
 All right, Alice.
 Hello.
 May I speak to Mr. Aldrich, please?
 Uh, which Mr. Aldrich do you want?
 Mr. Henry Aldrich.
 - Yeah, at the moment. - Henry.
 Yes, Father.
 You want it on the telephone?
 Perhaps you could take the message.
 This is Mr. Jenkins, the Tanner.
 - The what? - The Tanner.
 I have that information regarding the cost of turning a bear skin into a rug.
 What's that?
 It all depends on the size bear you're trapped.
 I am not trapping any bears, and neither is anyone else,
 in this family goodbye father didn't you say that phone call was for me that was
 the tenor Henry I took care of him you did father but I had my plans all made
 you can just unmake them come on into dinner if if you don't mind father I
 rather go back up I'm coming Alice you know the I've been thinking couldn't
 you give Henry just enough money to take Kathleen to the movies tonight no
 No, Alice. That's the only way youngster ever learned.
 I know, but...
 That's the way you had to learn. That's the way I had to.
 Good heavens, what's that?
 What's what, dear?
 That, on the center of the table.
 Well, they're candles, dear. You see, shaped like little stars, and they float in the water.
 Why?
 Why?
 I said, why?
 Well, they're pretty. Sam, I won them today, and I thought I'd better use them.
 I see.
 Alice, you weren't anywhere near Springer's part where today were you?
 What? How did you...
 But...
 dear, before you get angry...
 That's all right, Alice.
 Do you know anyone who could use a dozen bottles of bubble bath?
 It's for dogs.
 Oh, Sam, you bummer-grab bag too?
 I'm afraid so, Alice.
 But dear, we don't even have a dog.
 You owe anybody home?
 We're in the dining room, Homer.
 - You certainly have to admire his timing.
 - Oh, everybody.
 - Oh, gee whiz, is it dinner time?
 - My strange coincidence, yes.
 - Sit down, Homer, we're one short tonight.
 - Boy, I'd love to.
 We aren't eating at our house, Tamarae.
 - Not at all?
 - No, ma'am.
 My mother doesn't feel she should fool around in the kitchen
 in her new fur coat.
 - Why doesn't she take it off?
 - She doesn't dare.
 As soon as my father gets his hands on,
 he's taking it back to the store.
 to the store.
 (audience laughing)
 What's that under your arm?
 Oh gee, I almost forgot, it's my grand prize.
 See?
 - Good heaven.
 - Only my parents felt that since it was your sister
 that painted it, Mrs. Aldrich,
 you should have the privilege of hanging it.
 - Harry, you painted that?
 - It looks good upside down too.
 (audience laughing)
 - What on earth is it?
 - Why it's fish there, in a bowl.
 Sure, I love them up in the fish book.
 I think they're suckers.
 (audience laughing)
 Yes?
 Oh, ma, you brought it to the right place.
 Alice, get me a hammer.
 Sam, what are you gonna do to it?
 Hang it over the mantelpiece.
 She will.
 Where it'll be a lesson to all of us,
 the rest of our lives.
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 Boy, Henry, I got good news for us.
 You have, huh?
 Sure.
 How'd you like to go to the movies to marry?
 Now listen, Homer, you know we haven't got a nickel left to our name.
 That's the beautiful part of it, him.
 I've invited someone to go with us, who's agreed to absorb our overhead.
 Well, G-Wiz.
 Sure.
 Who?
 Agnes Lawson.
 Well, that solves Henry's overhead problem.
 And ladies, a good way for you to help solve yours when it comes to family budgets
 is to serve jello puddings often.
 They cost little and they taste grand.
 Yes, yellow chocolate butter scots and vanilla puddings.
 A trio of treats,
 chock full of old fashioned homemade goodness.
 Tomorrow night, try confetti tarts.
 Just prepare a package of yellow vanilla pudding as usual.
 When cool, pour your luscious creamy
 yellow vanilla pudding into crisp individual
 baked pastry shells.
 Chill thoroughly, then top with a generous helping
 of well-drained canned fruit cocktail.
 Remember all three jello puddings made with milk are nourishing,
 and they cooked a perfection in just about five minutes.
 No wonder more people buy jello puddings
 than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 (upbeat music)
 Friends, let's recognize this fact.
 Our American economic system has brought greater material means
 for happiness to more people
 than any other the world has known, and it has preserved the basic freedoms.
 So let's all of us strive to make that economic system even better,
 as an employee or employer, as a farmer or as a professional man.
 Remember, the better we produce, the better we live.
 The Oldrich family starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer
 by Patricia Jaudrey and Del Dinsdale with music by Jack Miller. Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich
 are house Jameson and Catherine Ron. And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying,
 "The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jello family."
 "Four desserts that aren't delicious. I believe me you should know. They are made
 by famous J-E-L-L-P-O.
 [MUSIC]
 Listen again next Thursday, same time, same station, to another sparkling half hour with
 the Aldrich family.
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (bells ringing)
 (gentle music)
 (wind blowing)
