 [Music]
 Postum presents Henry, Henry Oldrich, coming mother.
 [Applause]
 The Oldrich family written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 At attainment for all the family,
 brought to you by Postam,
 attempting wholesome drink for all the family.
 Postam.
 (upbeat music)
 Well friends, here it is another Thursday night,
 an opportunity is knocking loudly at your door
 and knocking twice.
 First, it's your opportunity to put away your worries and cares for a half hour and relax
 and laugh with those grand people, the Aldrich family.
 And second, it's your opportunity to find out something about that equally grand mealtime
 drink postem.
 While even in looks, friends, postem is a winner.
 The kind of drink you don't waste a second tilting to your lips.
 It has the kind of flavor you refer to in italics.
 It has the kind of hearty, robust goodness that warms the cockles of your heart.
 But just don't expect when you try it that Postam is going to taste like coffee any more
 than you'd expect coffee to taste like tea.
 Remember that Postam's distinctive flavor is in a class apart.
 It has an extra special goodness of its own that leaves you no words for description but
 ah, and ah again.
 And then don't be surprised if you enjoy your meals far more than you did before the day
 you start enjoying Postam.
 [Music]
 Boys like Penrod Scofield, Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn live in our memories because they
 They typify the teenage youngsters all of us know.
 And Henry Aldrich is another of these real American boys.
 He lives in your block, perhaps in your own home.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room.
 - But Mary, what have I done?
 - You know very well what you've done, Henry Aldrich.
 You know very well what you've done.
 - When?
 - Didn't you and Homer ask the whole crowd here
 to our house for a Valentine party Saturday night?
 - Sure, we even sent out written invitations.
 - But, Henry, that's the night I'm having my party.
 - Mary, how could you have a party?
 Oh my goodness Henry, I've been planning on it for six weeks.
 On a party?
 Yes, for my sorority.
 Oh, all right, Mary, can't you meet at some other house?
 Henry, mother says it's my party and I can have it here at our house and I'm not to budge an inch.
 I know, but Mary.
 Henry, you're well done with telephones.
 Yes, mother, I'll be there just as soon as I get something straightened out.
 Mary, how about our invitations?
 What are Homer and I gonna do?
 I'm sure I don't know. You can have your party at Homer's house.
 But Mary!
 But Mary!
 Hello?
 Hello, Henry, this is Agnes.
 Who?
 No, I was just going to call and see whether he's over at your house. There's something I have to seem about right away.
 Well, Henry, we're all looking forward to your party Saturday night.
 You're?
 And I was just wondering whether you'd mind calling Lillian Spencer and asking her to come.
 Lillian Spencer?
 She'd have an awfully good time, Henry.
 But Agnes, I wasn't.
 What do you mean by that?
 Well, besides one reason I'd rather not even mention, I'm not speaking to Lillian.
 That's all right. I'd be glad to call her.
 But Agnes, Agnes, that'll make 13.
 I'm gonna make 13.
 Henry!
 Yes, Mary.
 Just a second, Agnes.
 Homer's here.
 Well, tell him to come here quick.
 Agnes.
 Agnes.
 She was.
 Hey, Henry.
 I was just open to the bakery and loaded four dozen donuts.
 Homer.
 Homer, why couldn't we throw the party at your house?
 Why?
 Well, your house is a lot nearer the center of town, Homer, and your heating system's a
 lot better than ours.
 Now listen, Henry, don't you remember the last party we threw at my house?
 Homer, that was just due to an unfortunate series of circumstances.
 Even so, my father hasn't gotten over it yet.
 But Homer, let me tell you.
 We're giving a party Saturday night,
 and it doesn't want to be at your house,
 and it doesn't want to be at mine.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 But, Mother, why not look at it this way?
 I'm sorry, dear.
 Alex, if you see that piece of paper, I add.
 What was it, Sam?
 It was a list of the members of the Rotorich Club.
 Father, do you have any ideas as to how we could manage him?
 Henry, I haven't time to talk about anything.
 Now I've got to go find that list.
 But Mr. Aldrich...
 Henry, I'm sorry, but you may not have your party here.
 Please go answer the telephone.
 Yes, Mother.
 Henry, what are we gonna do?
 I don't know, Homer. Why do you keep asking me?
 Because I ordered the donuts in my name.
 Hello?
 Hello, Henry. This is Kathleen.
 Oh, hello.
 I just wanted to tell you the good news.
 What?
 I don't suppose I should tell you, but I got a new evening dress for your party.
 You did?
 An evening?
 But Kathleen, it's gonna be informal.
 Oh no! Agnes found all of us instead of it had been changed.
 Where to wear long dresses?
 Agnes, please?
 Yes, Henry, and I just wanted to tell you, I'm looking forward to coming.
 Goodbye!
 But Kathleen!
 Kathleen!
 What's the matter, Henry?
 Agnes is having them all dress up.
 Who gave her any authority like that?
 You know, Henry, what we've got to do.
 Why?
 Something about the number 13.
 Either we've got to get rid of one of our guests or you or I have got to drop out.
 Now listen Homer, you're not gonna leave me flat.
 Well, we're just making a generous offer, Henry.
 I know.
 Why not call Agnes and see whether she'd have any suggestions?
 And what what?
 Well, as long as she's showing so much interest, she might be very glad to have our party at her house.
 Now listen, Homer, we're not gonna get Agnes any more mixed up in this than she is.
 Henry, didn't you ever taste the lemon meringue pie her mother makes?
 Yes.
 And there you are. Let me call her.
 But Homer, hello.
 Number please.
 L9-7-1-7.
 L9-7-1-7.
 Homer, how do you know her mother will make any paw?
 Henry, why worry about that detail when you don't even
 have a roof over your party?
 Hello?
 Hello, is this-- is this Agnes?
 Yes, Homer, and I'm glad you call.
 You are?
 Yes, I want you to go right over to Andy Martin's
 and get all of his records.
 What for?
 But the party's out at E-Nite, at Henry's.
 At Henry's?
 Yes, aren't you taking me?
 Well, as a matter of fact, Agnes, that's
 what I really called you up about.
 Supposing, supposing it's raining real hard that night.
 - What about it?
 - Well, you wouldn't wanna go out in it, would you?
 I mean, if it was practically the worst storm
 we've had all season.
 - What made you think of that?
 - You can't tell Agnes,
 suppose it even turned to Sleeved and Frodo's right on you.
 - Oh, my, I'll go out of it, yes, that.
 - Well, I'm glad you'd be sensible
 because I've got a wonderful solution.
 We're all coming over to your house.
 - What's that?
 - Ask her about the pie holder.
 The home of the invitation said the party was to be at the Aldrich's.
 But Agnes, why not look at it this way?
 Now listen Homer Brown!
 I wonder why she doesn't come to the door.
 You know Homer, something tells me we're going to be sorry we're having the party at Agnes's house.
 Henry will have a wonderful turn and it was very nice of Agnes.
 But why do we have to come over a day early?
 because she said we had to come and make the plan.
 Sure, that's what I mean.
 Homer, we know what the inside of her house looks like.
 Hello!
 Hi, Agnes.
 Hello.
 Come on in.
 My goodness, I'm so excited.
 Yeah?
 First of all, I've got a lot of ideas about things for us to eat.
 Agnes, so far as the refreshments are concerned,
 Homer and I have taken care of everything,
 but the lemon meringue pie.
 But Henry, what do you have in you?
 Ginger, Ellen, don't know.
 Don't know.
 Sure.
 We just ordered four dozens.
 Four dozens?
 Sure.
 But my goodness, four dozen!
 Why didn't you say that isn't so many?
 As a matter of fact, I was just thinking we ought to double the order.
 Sure.
 For boys, I don't like donut.
 But I do.
 All right, my goodness, why worry over a little thing like donut?
 Naturally, we can decide to sing like that later on.
 Now here's the living room.
 Oh, yes.
 Yes.
 The first thing you want to do is move the piano down to the other end of the room.
 Move it?
 Move it.
 Yes, and you might as well--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Why tell my mother to bake a couple of cakes?
 In case we don't have donuts.
 What's that?
 In addition to the lemon meringue.
 Of course.
 Oh, she was agus.
 Naturally, I'd move your piano anyplace you want.
 That's so alive.
 And Agnes, are we glad you can come to our party here?
 Well, thanks, fellas.
 It was definitely very nice of you to ask me.
 And would you do me a favor?
 Sure.
 Sure.
 What is it?
 Would you mind if I asked Gerdie Parker to come Saturday night?
 She doesn't get invited to many parties.
 Gerdie Parker.
 Gerdie Parker?
 Oh, boy.
 I'm glad you mentioned her.
 I'll call her right now.
 Listen, Homer, who mentioned her?
 But, Henry, why should you object to Gerdy Parker when you're getting a wonderful room like this thrown in with her?
 Come on, let's move the piano.
 Okay, but my heart is minute.
 Push!
 Push yourself!
 Keep your going.
 Push!
 Now, wait a second, Henry.
 That's what I say.
 Oh, Homer, after we get this taken care of, how about our moving that picture that's on the wall?
 What's the matter with it?
 That's Agnes' father.
 It is?
 Sure.
 Come on and push.
 Push yourself!
 (
 She was...
 Boys!
 May I ask just what you think you're doing?
 Wait, uh,
 all muscles are awesome.
 Henry Oldridge, I'd like to ask you again.
 What you're doing?
 Wait, we're just...
 We're just...
 We're getting ready for the party.
 What party?
 Hours!
 Here!
 And you heard?
 And we want you to know Mrs. Lawson, we're very grateful.
 Boys, will you both please leave this house?
 Yes, ma'am.
 Without...
 Without...
 Well, she was.
 And I have a good notion to call both your parents.
 Oh, you don't have to bother about anything like that.
 We're going right away, Mrs. Lawson.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Kathleen, tell me once more.
 When you called Henry, just what did he say?
 I miss he said he had no desire, whatever, to discuss the matter.
 And he said that I tried to boss their whole party?
 Yes, I miss.
 That's exactly what he said.
 But I don't see why you should blame me, Kathleen, for something my mother did.
 When I stuck up for you, I told him you didn't mean to be bossing.
 My goodness, I was never so embarrassed in my life.
 I'll never be able to face Homer again.
 I know, but I don't know why Henry should be so mad at me.
 At least, Kathleen, I did one thing.
 The minute I realized my mother wouldn't bake anything for them,
 I called the bakery and doubled their order for donut.
 Really?
 And Kathleen, as a matter of fact, I have an idea.
 What is it?
 First, where's your telephone?
 My goodness, when I get through,
 Henry and Homer will come around
 unbended knees and apologize.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello.
 - Doesn't she answer?
 - I'm ringing your number.
 - Homer, when you went back to gift your hat,
 what did Mrs. Lawson say?
 - She didn't say anything.
 She wouldn't even let me in.
 - Well, I can tell you one thing.
 I'm never gonna darken the Lawson door again.
 and I hope you don't think I'm going to.
 I'm ringing your number.
 Thank you.
 Henry, when you see your mother, tell her I found the list.
 So what, Father?
 The list of bembers of the Rotary Club I was looking for.
 Hello?
 Well, she was-- oh, Anne Harriet.
 This is Henry.
 Hello, Henry.
 What is it you want?
 I've got to get back to the kitchen.
 Anne Harriet, how would you like to--
 how would you--
 how do you got a full day Saturday?
 No, not especially.
 Did your mother want me to come over for dinner?
 Well, if I could arrange it, could you?
 But what did you call me for?
 I wanted to know whether I could borrow something.
 What?
 Your house.
 What's that?
 [LAUGHTER]
 And Harriet, I have to give a party that evening, see?
 And, Gee, if I could arrange it so you wouldn't have to be there,
 Aunt Harriet, would you be interested?
 Why, I might.
 You might.
 Oh, boy.
 I'll let you have the party at my house, Henry, provided you
 don't invite that awful home of Brown.
 Oh, what an Harriet!
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (
 (
 "Hello")
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is this Mrs. Tomkins?
 Yes!
 Well, this is Agnes Lawson.
 Do the ladies in your church serve suppers sometimes?
 Oh, my, yes.
 We have beautiful equipment downstairs right off the Sunday school room.
 Well, could you serve a little Valentine's supper tomorrow night?
 Well, I guess we could.
 Hey, Ms. Henry and Homer had many money.
 Happily.
 Just a minute, Mrs. Tomkins.
 Kathleen, the food they serve wherever they have it is going to cost something, isn't it?
 Yes.
 Then why not let it go towards the church and make it worthwhile?
 Alright.
 Hello, Mr. Tompkins.
 Hello.
 Do you suppose you could serve something that wouldn't cost hardly anything?
 Oh, I guess we could.
 Something as simple as a bowl of soup and maybe sandwiches and a rice pudding.
 Yes.
 Well, we're awfully anxious to raise some money for the new organ.
 And I'm sure the ladies will be more than glad to.
 [music]
 Hello?
 Hello? Is this Miss Harriet Bryan?
 Yes.
 Harriet, this is Mrs. Thompson.
 Oh, yes, hello.
 Say, I've got some good news about people organ.
 The organ?
 Yes, the one we're raising money for is the truth.
 Oh, a young lady just phoned and wanted to know whether we could have a little dinner for her, a little party tomorrow night.
 Good, how many are you going to serve?
 I told her it wouldn't be worth our while unless we had at least 40.
 Good.
 And she said she'd see you, but there were at least that many.
 And she might be able to round up 50.
 Well, I'm awfully glad to hear that.
 That organ we have now bothers me every Sunday.
 And Harriet, do you suppose you can be one of the ladies of help, sir?
 Tomorrow night?
 Yes.
 Oh, I would.
 I'd be glad to only--
 Just this man has got through inviting some people over here for a party tomorrow night.
 Oh?
 Yes, I'm going to give a little surprise party for my nephew, Henry.
 I know he wants one.
 Oh.
 And I'm asking in quite a few.
 Mrs. Carbel said she could comment that wasn't too slippery for her bad leg.
 Really?
 And another person I'm going to ask is old Mr. Perkins.
 Henry, I like him.
 He's a lot of fun at the party.
 Good.
 And, uh, Miss Frederick, she hasn't been out all winter.
 Good!
 I'm just sorry that you can't be there yourself.
 [Music]
 Well, I'm afraid Ad Harreid and Henry have rather different ideas about who's welcome at a teenage boy's party.
 But something they probably would agree about is what makes the most welcome, hot drink at meal times.
 The answer is post them, of course.
 Millions of Americans will tell you that.
 In fact, it's because post-em is so popular, it's because every day more and more people
 are insisting on post-em that there's a temporary shortage.
 We just can't keep pace with the fast-growing demand, even though we're making more post-em
 today than ever before in our history.
 So if you can't always immediately get post-em when you ask for it at your grocers, don't
 be discouraged.
 Don't think your grocer isn't going to get any more post-em.
 He will.
 And as soon as he does get post them, you'll get it too.
 So be sure to ask for it again.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry and Homer are trying to find a place to hold their party Saturday night.
 Meanwhile unknown to them, Agnes Lawson has arranged for them to hold it at the Methodist
 Church.
 And Aunt Harriet, also unknown to them, has decided to let them hold it at her house.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room.
 Hey, babe, would you please answer that phone?
 -Why? -Yes, please.
 Homer, would you mind answering it and just tell whoever it is I'm not here.
 Henry, I'm not going to be your personal ghost.
 But Homer, suppose the sadness is trying to get us again.
 Just tell her again, we're not speaking to her.
 Okay, if it's somebody wanting to know where we're going to have the party, I'll tell them it's slightly up in the air.
 Hello?
 Hello, is Mr. Aldrich there?
 Mr. Aldrich, why no, he isn't.
 Oh, well, when he comes in, could you please tell him that the mansion house phone...
 The mansion house? The mansion house hotel?
 Yes, I wanted to submit an estimate for his party, Saturday night.
 A party?
 Yes, I received word that he's planning a party for Saturday night, and I wanted to give him the figures for a private dining room.
 She was unplaining a party, but...
 Oh, are you Mr. Allridge?
 Yes, sir, only...
 Oh, you're the gentleman.
 Yes, sir.
 Well, I figured out an estimate for you.
 I know, but we can't afford anything that's going to cost as much as...
 Well, we just couldn't afford it, that's all.
 Well, this isn't going to cost so much.
 An answer?
 No, not at all.
 How much is it?
 Well, first, I'll have to know a little more.
 Would you want a fruit cup or tomato juice to begin with?
 What's that?
 I said, do you want a fruit cup or tomato juice?
 Why, Homer, what do you want a fruit cup or tomato juice?
 Now, who are you?
 We want to get a fart!
 [laughter]
 At the mansion house hotel.
 Oh.
 Could we have grape juice?
 Hello.
 Could we have grape juice?
 Yes, yes.
 You can have anything you want.
 We can't.
 We don't have anything you want.
 She would.
 How are you up on the side?
 What do you want?
 Oh.
 Take fruit cup.
 Hello.
 Oh, we'll take fruit cup.
 No, no, wait a minute.
 Henry, wait a minute.
 What's the matter?
 Okay, fruit cup.
 Hello?
 Fruit cup's okay.
 Yes, Mr. Olridge.
 Now would you want chicken patties with peas or lamb chops with limers?
 Well, that sounds all right.
 Which will it be?
 What?
 Chicken patties with peas or lamb chops with limers.
 Homer, how would you like some lamb chops?
 All right, with lots of mashed potatoes.
 Well, could we have lamb chops with mashed potatoes?
 Yes, of course, Mr. Olridge.
 Lamb chops with mashed potatoes.
 Lots of them.
 And how about limers?
 No, who wants lime if she was?
 Well, now about the dessert. What would you like?
 Well, what have you got?
 Well, we can give you almost any kind of pie, ice cream, French pastry, stewed fruit.
 Stewed fruit? Listen, Henry, I'm not going to eat any stewed fruit in my own party.
 Home a line a second. Homer, we can have any dessert we want.
 Anything? Sure. I've got an idea. Hello?
 Yes?
 Could we have pumpkin pie allomode?
 At the old fight, Henry.
 Well, I guess you could you'd like it served in separate dishes. No, just don't the whole works together
 Ask me about chocolate sauce. Oh, yes, would there be an extra charge or what chocolate sauce?
 Chocolate sauce. Yes. Are you sure you should have chocolate sauce? Oh sure. Well, there might be a small charge
 Well, how much will the whole thing including it all come to? Well, just exactly how many are you having? Why?
 14 with Gertie Parker. What's that?
 I understood it was 200.
 200?
 I don't know where I got the idea, but that was the message that was left here for me.
 200?
 200 why Henry?
 Mr. Aldrich, I'm afraid that for 14 we'd have to charge you at least a dollar and a half of these.
 How much now what's happened?
 The only thing is, what do you wear?
 You can't afford it?
 Oh, it isn't that we can't afford it. It's just the...even when I wear my beans?
 Well, naturally I thought you wanted something rather nice.
 Oh, we do it, and I appreciate your offer only.
 Suppose I think it over.
 And you'll call me back?
 Yes, I may, but if you don't hear from me, don't worry.
 Well, thank you, Mr. Alrud, goodbye.
 And thank you.
 But, mother, mother, we can't have a lot of fly-by night, young people who don't take anything seriously dancing around as well as sororities having a meeting here.
 My goodness, we have a deficit in the treasury as it is.
 But dear, I'm sure they wouldn't pay any attention to your deficit.
 But that isn't a point. Our president gets nervous with even just us there.
 Mary, I was simply wondering whether there isn't some way we can help your brother.
 - Brothers! - Yes, Sammy, you home?
 Yes, hello. Hello, Mary.
 Hello, Father.
 What's the matter with you?
 Nothing. Her sorority has a deficit.
 - Yeah? Any phone calls for me? - Not that I know of, dear.
 No. Isn't the mansion house phone?
 No, Sam. - No.
 Now, Sam, you don't have to start putting in phone calls the minute you get home.
 But Alice, I left word for them to let me know whether they could take care of our Rotorick Club bandwidth Saturday night.
 And we're expecting 200 guests.
 Hello?
 Number please.
 I want to...
 Elm 224.
 Elm 224?
 If you please.
 Sam, do you have any ideas as to where Henry could get his party?
 Why not right here?
 Father, Sam!
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is this the mansion house?
 Yes.
 Well, listen to the roll-rich.
 Oh, yes, yes, Mr. Roll-rich.
 I was wondering whether you'd call me.
 Did I say I'd call you?
 Well, I understood you would.
 Oh, I'm sorry, I thought it was the other way around.
 Have you finally decided to go ahead with your party?
 Oh, yes, definitely. The question is, can you take care of us?
 I don't know why or not. There's nothing complicated about it.
 Good. Then I don't have anything to worry about.
 No, not a thing. You just leave it to us.
 And on second thought, Mr. Aldrich,
 there won't be any extra charge for the chocolate sauce.
 For the why? For the chocolate sauce.
 Oh, that won't.
 Well, that's fine. That's fine.
 - Goodbye. - Goodbye.
 - Alice! - Yes, thanks!
 But everything all fixed.
 And what do you think?
 They're throwing in the chocolate sauce.
 For what?
 I don't know, but it's very nice of them to give it to us.
 Well, isn't that fine?
 Yes, sir. I've been hoping we'd be able to have our banquet at the mansion house.
 And you know, Alice, I didn't tell you before, but this year it's going to be a bit more important than usual.
 In what way?
 Well, I've heard a rumor that they're going to nominate me for president.
 Really? Well, dear, you deserve it.
 Yeah?
 No wonder you want everything to be especially nice.
 Everything was especially nice about what, Mother?
 - Henry, I'm glad you came into the room.
 Kathleen and Agnes stopped me on the street
 and said they'd been trying to get you for two days.
 - I did.
 - They did Mr. Aldrich.
 Did they seem apologetic?
 - They said I wasn't anything for you to worry about
 and they'd be seeing you
 at the Methodist Church tomorrow night.
 - At the Methodist Church, what for?
 - I wonder what's going on over there.
 (audience laughing)
 - I don't know anything more about it
 than what I've just told you.
 - Well, the nerve of it.
 - That's what I say.
 - You know what they're trying to do,
 Homer, come to us on bend and knee.
 - In the Methodist Church?
 (laughing)
 We'll show them.
 We're gonna give the best party tonight
 to this town, ever saw.
 - Where?
 - Mother, that's the least of our worries.
 Something will open up, it always does.
 And Homer, do you know what I'm going to the phone and do?
 Why?
 Double our order of donuts.
 (upbeat music)
 Homer, how does my next tie work?
 waiting till we get up here into this lamppost and we now take a look at it.
 Oh, let's turn here though. My Aunt Harriet lives up the street.
 Okay. Your tie looks fine.
 You know, it was very nice of my Aunt Harriet to call me up and say we could have the party at her house.
 That's what I was thinking.
 Did I tell you what else she said?
 What?
 She said she had sort of a surprise for her.
 She did?
 Sure. You know what that means?
 She's probably going out and let us have the whole house to ourselves.
 She is?
 Oh boy.
 Oh boy.
 That's what I was thinking.
 Say, I wonder what's going on across the street at the Methodist church.
 I'm not interested.
 As a matter of fact, I'm not either.
 Hey, Henry, look up the street.
 Where?
 Well, she was-- what's that all about?
 There's something going on over at the Mansion House Hotel.
 Boy, they're all dressed up.
 There must be a lot of parties going on tonight.
 But, Henry, there are a couple of hundred people out there in the sidewalk.
 They're all trying to get in.
 Remember, they're all getting put out.
 Oh, look. There's my father.
 Oh, yeah? And there's mine!
 Where?
 Don't you see them with all those men talking to them with us back against the wall?
 Oh sure.
 Oh, there you are Homer Brown.
 She was Agnes. Where did you come from?
 We just came from the Methodist Church. That's where we came from.
 Oh, Kathleen.
 Henry Olbridge, you realize everybody's waiting for you?
 Where is the church?
 It's the church.
 We're not interested.
 You're not interested in your own party.
 You're not part.
 Now listen, Agnes, have you been arranging more things?
 And just what Homer Brown do you mean by that insinuation?
 Now wait a minute, Agnes. Wait a minute.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And before I sit down, ladies and gentlemen,
 I would like to extend the thanks and gratitude
 of the Rotary Club to several groups,
 and shall I say, individuals.
 First, I think we should thank Sam Aldrich for the very clever
 an original way in which you arrange this evening for us.
 I needn't tell you that for a few minutes,
 when we first went over to the mansion house,
 it looked as our salmon slipped up
 and arranged the table, seating 16,
 to take care of 200 guests.
 But it was done, of course, simply to teach us a lesson
 that we mustn't expect sumptuous banquets
 in these days of war.
 In fact, it's very delicious dinner,
 consisting of pea soup and peanut butter sandwiches
 And shall I say rice pudding and let's not forget the doughnuts
 was just what we needed to bring us back to earth.
 While the 15 soldiers who would be our guests
 are reading at the mansion house and will join us later.
 Oh, incidentally, I understand Sam arranged their dinner
 to end up with a triple-headed dessert.
 And besides that, Sam Orritz has asked me to say
 that we're going to put all the money that we've saved
 on tonight's dinner into war bonds.
 What's more, the treasurer of this church has just handed me a report to the effect that
 their organ has gone over the top.
 [APPLAUSE]
 And I would like to extend our thanks to the good ladies of this church who dropped everything
 in order to make our banquet the success that it's been.
 I understand one lady in particular would plan to Valentine's party at her house for
 her nephew or someone.
 At the last minute, Carmen did all her adult guests and brought them down here to help serve,
 leaving the youngsters to ship for themselves as best they can.
 And now, ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce our genuine chairman and next president, Sam Aldrich.
 Ladies and gentlemen, frankly, I don't know what to say.
 Well, all those parties seem to straighten out nicely for everyone, didn't they?
 But if you think Mr. Olrus' troubles are over, just you stay tuned in to find out what happens
 the next morning.
 And now let me remind you that Postum, for years the favorite mealtime drink in millions
 of American homes is made for your convenience in two forms. Instant Postam, which you make
 instantly in the cup, and Postam cereal, which you make in pop percolator or drip maker.
 Both forms make the same delicious distinctive drink. So no matter which form of Postam you
 choose, you'll enjoy a mealtime cup that's a real treat.
 (music)
 Good breakfast, Alice.
 Thank you, Sam. Father, will you have another doughnut?
 No, thank you. Go ahead, have one.
 Henry, I have already had three.
 Oh. You know, I think that was a very good idea you had about lunch.
 What idea was that? To make all o' costre, to plow with a donut.
 Incidentally, Alice, I won't be here for dinner.
 Listen again next week to the Aldrich family, same time, same station,
 for another sparkling half hour with your favorite youngster, his family, and his pals.
 The Aldrich family, starring as Ruston, is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
 This is Harry Vanzel, saying, "You will enjoy fragrant, flavorful postum."
 And remember, Postam contains no stimulants.
 It cannot make you nervous.
 Good night.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 This program came to you from New York.
 This is the National Broadcasting Company.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (gentle music)
