 And now the Jell-O family presents Henry Henry O'Rourke coming out of her.
 Yes, it's the Ollrich family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith and starring
 Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kelker Stone
 and yes it's the Jell-O family
 Oh the big red letter stand for the Jell-O family
 Oh the big red letter stand for the Jell-O family
 That's Jell-O yum yum yum
 Jell-O puddings yum yum yum
 Jell-O tap
 Be-Oka pudding
 Jets-O-R-E-E
 And now for the Aldridge family
 [Music]
 When you take a typical American family, plus some friends and neighbors, and then add one teenage boy,
 you needn't bother to stir things up. The boy, if he's like Henry Aldrich, will somehow attend to that.
 the scene opens in the all-rich living room. The time is late afternoon.
 No Homer, I think you don't have to.
 You do. I don't.
 Definitely not.
 Boy, and I hope you're right. I've been saving for two months to get a new band for my wristwatch.
 And now if I had to... suppose she expects me to.
 She couldn't.
 How do you know?
 How bad Agnes doesn't even know it's the anniversary of your first date with her.
 Do you really think so, him?
 - Sure, who remembers things like that?
 My father never does.
 I'm surprised you even thought of it.
 - Boy, I'll never forget it.
 - Well, okay, Homer, you have a special reason
 for remembering your anniversary, but Agnes doesn't, does she?
 - She may be your right, him.
 And boy, is that a load off my mind?
 - Sure.
 - Sure.
 Now I can concentrate on my wrist wash.
 - Sure.
 - Do you think I ought to get a brown leather band hand
 for a black one?
 - I thought I heard voices in here.
 voices in here. Hi mother. Hi Mrs. Aldrich. Hello boys and congratulations Homer. Thank
 you Mrs. Aldrich. What for? Isn't Saturday an anniversary of some kind? Oh your very first
 date with Agnes isn't it? Hen. She was mother how did you know? I was out shopping this
 morning and I ran into Agnes. Oh so my heartiest congratulations to the both of you Homer
 and many happy returns. Thank you Mrs. Orridge. Thank you mother. You're welcome boys. If you want some
 fruit, it's in the icebox. Who could eat fruit now? See Henry? So what? So my mother knows. What
 is that fruit? It proves Agnes know. Or I'd supposing Agnes does know. What is that fruit? It proves
 there goes my watch band. Not necessarily. Alice do you know where? Hello boys. Hi father. Hi father.
 I'm Mr. Ulrich.
 Oh, by the way, Homer, I ran into a friend of yours down at the Emporium today.
 He did, Mr. Ulrich.
 Hmm.
 Agnes.
 Oh.
 May I ask him what department?
 I believe it was in Ladies Unmentionables.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is your mother in the kitchen, Henry?
 I think so, Father.
 See you later, boy.
 Well, that does it.
 Homer, why do you keep jumping at conclusions?
 I'm not jumping at them, and they're jumping in me.
 I still don't see it.
 Then what was Agnes doing in Ladies Unmentionables?
 I don't know.
 Maybe she was just looking around.
 Sure, and I know why.
 Why?
 To see what she could exchange what I'm gonna give her for.
 Hello?
 Hello, Henry, is Homer there?
 Yeah, he is Agnes.
 Agnes, oh...
 Let me talk to you.
 Okay, here, Homer.
 Oh.
 Hello, Agnes.
 Hello, Homer, honey.
 Oh, boy.
 [Music]
 Agnes, is there any special reason you asked me to come over to your house?
 No, Homer, I was just lonely.
 Oh.
 Isn't it wonderful, Homer? Another wonderful, thrilling year.
 Sure.
 And Homer, I just want you to know that I don't expect a thing as an anniversary present.
 You don't?
 Of course not.
 I have you, what more could I ask for?
 Nothing Agnes.
 And nothing here. We're still together.
 That's all any girl needs to make her happy. Her man.
 Sure. Don't you think a brown band would go better with my wrist to watch than a black?
 And anyway, I don't think it's fair for a girl to expect a boy to spend all his money on her.
 Sure. That's what I like about you Agnes. You're so fair.
 Sure. Four or five dollars ought to be plenty.
 No.
 Homer.
 What?
 Give me a hint.
 I can't.
 Why?
 Because.
 Because why?
 Just because.
 Homer Brown haven't you decided yet what you're gonna get me?
 Well, sort of.
 Sort of?
 Sort of? What is that mean?
 Henry's supposed to be thinking of something.
 Oh.
 Homer?
 Why?
 Get Henry on the phone and find out what you're gonna get for.
 But Agnes!
 Here, start talking.
 Yes ma'am.
 Hall operator.
 Give me an M431.
 Now remember, Homer, I don't want you to send us sent over for a $5.
 Yes Agnes.
 Yes Agnes. Unless you promise you'll get me something cheaper for my birthday.
 Oh.
 Hello, Hen. This is Homer. Did you think of anything yet?
 Uh-huh.
 What?
 What, Hen?
 We are, no, but...
 Uh-huh.
 I suppose so, Hen.
 Yeah.
 By Hen.
 Well, we...
 Oh, we want it to be a surprise, Agnes.
 The surprise, Homer, that's wonderful. I just love surprises.
 What is this?
 You'll see.
 Is it something I can wear?
 Maybe.
 I'll bet it's something I can eat.
 Is it helmet?
 Maybe.
 Now it's something I can wear, I'm sure of.
 Is it?
 Maybe.
 Homer, give me your hands, I can.
 Why?
 Then we said you'd try to force it out of me, so he wouldn't even tell me.
 [Music]
 And may couldn't you think of something that'd still leave Homer enough for the watch band?
 I tried to, mother, but a watch band would only leave Agnes forty-five cents.
 You can't get much for that.
 No, I imagine not.
 Besides, I think the dozen roses will be very appropriate.
 Poor Homer.
 Yeah, he sure wanted that watch band.
 Maybe this will teach him to change girls at least once a year.
 Boy, if I only had a little more money, I'd buy him that watch band myself.
 I'll tell you what I'll do, Henry.
 Since it's Homer's anniversary, I'll match whatever you put up.
 How much do you have in your dime bank?
 A dime.
 [laughter]
 Well, that gives us 20 cents.
 I'll match what both of you put up.
 No, 40 cents. How much more do we need?
 About 60.
 60, eh?
 Then your bottles.
 Henry, there are five empty ones on the back porch.
 That's another quarter, only 35 cents more.
 Maybe if we looked under the sofa pillar.
 Sure.
 Henry, my fill for all of them.
 A dime! I found a dime!
 Look, in the corner there, Henry, there's something shiny.
 Another...
 Father, did you lose a suspender button?
 There's a nickel pen ray and two pennies.
 Here's another nickel that's 10, 17, 22.
 13 cents short.
 Wait, I know what?
 What?
 I'll only buy Agnes 11 roses.
 Fine, we've made it.
 I'll go right down to the jewelers now and get Homer's watch band.
 Good.
 You think I would have something engraved on it, something like success?
 Henry, this is the anniversary of Homer's winning Agnes, not the Kentucky Derby.
 But Kathleen, I don't know what Homer's getting me. Henry wouldn't tell him.
 Henry! He had some silly idea I might try to force it out of Homer, so he's gonna pick out the gift.
 Oh, no wonder!
 No wonder what!
 So that's what Henry was doing down there.
 There?
 Where?
 Where's there?
 I saw Henry in a jewelry store.
 A jewelry store?
 Oh boy!
 What was he buying?
 Maybe I shouldn't have brought it off.
 Listen, Kathleen, what a homoever do for you.
 I'm not saying another word.
 Alright.
 How about if I make some guesses and you just shake your head yes or no?
 (music)
 Hello?
 Thank you Homer, thank you, thank you and thank you!
 You're welcome. Who is this?
 Homer, it's your best girl!
 Really?
 Gia doesn't sound at all like your mother.
 It's me, Agnes!
 Oh! Oh, Agnes!
 Oh, I remember the minute I heard I had that call, you and thank you!
 I've heard what Agnes?
 What you're getting me for our anniversary presents.
 You know.
 Uh-huh.
 She was everybody knows what I'm getting you, but me.
 What am I getting?
 I don't think I ought to tell you what I'll spoil a surprise.
 Listen, Agnes, when I give you a present,
 you're supposed to be surprised, not me.
 Oh.
 Well, I'll tell you what, Homer.
 You come on over.
 I want to see your face when I tell you.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (music)
 Henry, Henry.
 I've got to talk to you, Henry, right now.
 What's the matter? What's the matter?
 You have a nerve to ask me that?
 What happened? What happened?
 Homer will never get anywhere if you just keep repeating what I say.
 What you say?
 Do you deny you were down into jewelers this afternoon?
 Well, don't. Kathleen saw you.
 Oh, is that all?
 battle.
 Aha! So you admit it? You've ruined me Henry.
 I have.
 How?
 Did you ever buy a ring for Kathleen on your anniversary?
 A ring!
 Homer, don't be silly.
 Then why did you buy one for me for Agnes on our anniversary?
 A ring? I bought a ring.
 Kathleen saw you.
 Kathleen saw me buy a ring?
 Well, not exactly buy it, but she saw you looking at them.
 RINGS? I didn't buy...
 Oh sure, I remember now.
 Aha!
 I was waiting my turn. I just looked around. Maybe I did glance at some rings.
 Glance? Then you didn't buy it. But Kathleen told Agnes she saw it.
 See Homer? You got all excited over nothing.
 No I didn't, him. But Homer, I didn't buy your rings.
 Yes, but Agnes thinks she...I...Henry.
 Yeah? I'm engaged.
 [Music]
 Agnes, how did Homer ask you?
 Well, he didn't exactly ask me, Kathleen.
 Yes, but how did you know?
 Well, I figured, honey, wouldn't be buying a ring,
 unless Homer said something to him about wanting to be engaged.
 See, yes.
 So I sort of helped him along.
 Men are always a little afraid to say the actual words.
 But what did he say then?
 Nothing.
 a top and a look on his face if that's what was on his mind.
 But how did you know?
 Well he didn't have just when I suggested a ditty.
 No. So there you are.
 My goodness.
 He's the goddess and Henry a thank you card.
 I don't know.
 But what does being engaged feel like?
 All sort of relaxing.
 Relaxing.
 You know you don't have to worry about are you going to have a date Saturday night and things like that.
 All of a sudden all your problems are ended because you've got your mandolin on.
 Oh, it sounds just wonderful.
 It is Kathleen.
 It's wonderful.
 Just wonderful.
 It's terrible Henry.
 Just terrible.
 I want to look at it this way Homer.
 Engagements have their advantages too.
 Yeah, lean on.
 Well, they don't know well yet.
 There must be some advantages.
 Otherwise, why would so many people do it?
 Name one, just one.
 Well, for instance, when you're engaged, you don't have to spend so much money on the girl.
 Oh, yeah? What about the engagement ring?
 Not alone, it'll keep me broke for the next two years.
 Sure, Homer, but funny part is I never even thought of Agnes as something you'd get engaged to.
 [laughter]
 And what am I gonna do?
 You can always leave town.
 Sure. Sure, that's what I'll do. Leave town right now.
 Right now? Well, you got to know what's the difference.
 So long, Henry.
 Don't try to stop me. It's the only way.
 Homer, put on my folks. I said you could have my new bike.
 All you have to do is tighten my new bike.
 And hardly even road it.
 Homer, if I didn't want to be engaged to a girl that badly, I'd just call her up and tell her so.
 Sure.
 Why didn't I think of that?
 I'll tell her straight out.
 Operator, give me L-M-891 please.
 Oh, oh.
 What should I say to her, Hen?
 Just say, uh, look, Agnes.
 There's nothing personal in this, but I think we're both too young to know our own mind.
 Sure, that's good.
 And furthermore, Agnes, the whole thing...
 Just be firm, Hen.
 I will, Hen.
 Hello.
 Agnes, this is Homer.
 Agnes, I...
 What oh?
 Miss Lawson oh
 Madam
 Agnes I don't know what you mean
 Miss Henry's here, but I'm there. What's the matter? She thinks I ought to call her dear. Oh
 Yes, dear
 Yes dear
 dear
 Yes dear
 Palmer yes dear why didn't you tell her because she she Henry why what's the
 fella supposed to get his fiance for her shower what a shower Agnes said
 Kathleen insisted on giving her one yeah I don't know Homer I think you're
 supposed to give her tableclaws and old pillowcases and things like that I
 suppose so Homer why didn't you tell her about being too young to know your own
 But she sounded so positive about the whole thing.
 Boy, I got the feeling maybe it was illegal or something to call it off.
 She was, maybe it is. You know what, Homer?
 Maybe you just ought to stick it out forever, if necessary.
 She's bound to get tired of you sooner or later.
 Isn't an engagement sort of like a contract?
 I guess so.
 What can they do to you if you don't go through with your end of it?
 I don't know.
 Did you write her any letters she could use against you?
 Letters, I don't think... Oh boy.
 You mean you did?
 No, she did.
 Oh.
 Right after the first time she kissed me, it was sort of a thank you letter.
 [laughter]
 Well, you better get home and burn it.
 I did, as soon as I got it.
 But what if she kept a carbon copy?
 Oh, boy.
 I mean, I don't think my father's gonna like...
 My father!
 Boy, wait till he finds out.
 And why did you have to glance at rings in the first place?
 I didn't know Kathleen was going to be snooping around,
 and I believe that's the trouble with girls they talk to much.
 Next thing you know it'll be all over school. Henry. Why? Mr. Bradley will throw me out of school. See I told you there were advantages to being in gay.
 Oh, the Big Red Letter Stanford, and Jell-O Family.
 Oh, the Big Red Letter Stanford, and Jell-O Family.
 That's Jell-O, yum, yum, yum.
 Jell-O Pudding, yum, yum, yum.
 Jell-O Tap, Be-Oka Pudding, Jas-Sari.
 And tonight, the Jell-O Family of Yum Yum Desserts wants to give a special salute to National Restaurant Week, May 2nd, May 8th.
 You know our neighborhood restaurants are an American institution,
 famous all over the world for their traditionally high standards of fine food, fine services,
 fine friendly atmosphere. So take the family often to your favorite restaurant.
 It means a treat for everybody. And another treat you can be sure of finding at any good restaurant
 is America's favorite gelatin dessert. Yes, Jello. Jello in those six delicious flavors.
 Strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon and lime.
 So next time you're at your favorite restaurant, have your favorite treat for dessert. Ask for Jell-O.
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Olgrey.
 Henry's visit to a jewelry store has been misinterpreted by both Homer and Agnes.
 She thinks she's getting and he thinks he's getting her an engagement ring.
 The scene opens in the Alrich living room. It is the next day.
 - What is it there? - Listen to this letter that came in the mail today.
 Dear Mr. Alrich, I am a young high school student who suddenly finds himself engaged
 to another young high school student, female of course.
 - My goodness. - As a lawyer, I would appreciate your advice on whether I can escape.
 - Escape? - But that's crossed out and changed to whether I can disentangle myself and if so far.
 - How? - Sad who's it from?
 Yours truly desperate.
 Oh.
 Well, what about the handwriting?
 It's printed.
 Then there's a P.S.
 Kindly attach your answer to the lowest branch of the big maple tree in the empty lot on Olive and Fifth Street.
 - Oh, hey! - Then there's a P.S.
 Kindly enclose a bill for your fee.
 - Well, who do you think? - Just a minute, Alice.
 There is also a P.P.P.S.
 When naming "fee" kindly bear in mind that the writer is a poor, underlying young, high school student.
 Alice, you don't suppose...
 I've been giving it a lot of thought, Agnes dear.
 So have I, dear?
 You have, dear?
 Yes, dear.
 Well, what do you think, dear?
 I agree with you completely, dear.
 You do, dear?
 Of course, dear.
 Sure.
 Everybody agrees that long engagements aren't good.
 That's absolutely true, dear.
 They're terrible.
 And so I think we ought to reconsider the whole thing.
 Don't you, dear?
 Well, did you tell her?
 Yes, him.
 What did you say?
 She agreed with me.
 She didn't think long engagements were good either.
 No kidding.
 See, Homer, I told you talking to a person
 a person would get your results.
 Certainly did.
 Henry, are you busy, June 1?
 No, why?
 I thought you might like to be my best man.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 An anonymous death head wheel?
 Yeah.
 Oh, Homer, stop staring into your soup and stop.
 Start eating it.
 That's what Sam told me, Elizabeth.
 Imagine a high school kid doing a thing like that.
 And Sam didn't know who it was.
 Oh, Homer, stop that.
 All he said was the note was sign desperate.
 A high school, boy.
 You know, Willy, but didn't sound too ridiculous even for him.
 I guess it was Sam's own son Henry.
 Oh.
 Oh, Miss, stop fishing around in your soup with your fingers.
 Take another spoon.
 Well, whoever he is, he's an idiot.
 What about his parents?
 There it is too.
 Do you suppose he's figuring on moving her in with his folks?
 What else can he do?
 You know what I do if I were that kid's father.
 I take him and his idiot bride and shift them right over to her idiot parent's house.
 Homer, if you're having that much trouble holding onto your spoon, tie it to your wrist or something.
 He has another spoon here to fish out the other two.
 And it's so him right to have to live with a girl's parents.
 Let him use their pots and pans and utilities.
 Let him eat their food.
 Oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh! Oh, oh! Come back here and clean up this mess! Oh, man! I wonder what got into that boy.
 [Music]
 Potting pans in the utility. This should be easy. Come to the young hand, I'm just a kid.
 Homer, you're getting hysterical again. Take another drink of water.
 Thanks. Henry, what am I going to do? I don't want to live with the lost in these.
 Easy Homer easy boy. There was a letter from my father on the tree today
 It was what he said he said if desperate wanted advice to drop in in person
 We can't do that Henry. Then we know look I got it all figured out
 We can tell him we're friends of desperate and he asked us to represent him sure sure that's what we can do
 Come on. Hello father. Oh, I'm Mr. Aldrich father
 Do you recall a communication you had from a party who prefers to remain nameless?
 Oh, yes. Desperate, wasn't it?
 That's right, Mr. Oliver.
 Well, he sort of asked us to represent him.
 Oh?
 Sort of the party of the third party, you might say.
 I see. You mean you have his power of attorney?
 Well, no, Father. He didn't know was necessary.
 Mr. Oliver couldn't we discuss it purely hypothyaratically?
 Why, yes, I suppose so.
 Oh, now, what exactly is Desperate's problem?
 Well, he sort of found himself engaged against his will, Mr. Aldrich, against his will.
 I see.
 So what can he do to get disentangled before he gets all mixed up with pots and pans and utilities?
 I see.
 Mmm, now let's see.
 This same point came up in the case of Schneider-Coff versus Schneider-Coff.
 Who won, Father? Schneider-Coff.
 [laughter]
 Oh, is that good or bad for the third party?
 Well, in a divided opinion, the Supreme Court decided that in the event of a reversal of sentiment on the part of one of the contractees to an engagement,
 the dissenting party was obligated to so inform the said partner to said contract.
 Really?
 Father?
 The exact wording of the decision.
 That's very interesting, Mr. Aldrich.
 You get any time off of the behavior?
 I'm afraid you don't understand, Homer. He was no longer engaged.
 What?
 But how did he get out of it?
 get out of it he called the girl and told her it was off that's all that's all
 and Agnes couldn't do anything to him
 I'll say
 oh thank you mr. Allridge thank you Homer stop kissing my hand
 you should have been here on as it was alright I'm gonna imagine what it
 I don't want to say anything about it.
 You are in the first place.
 He looked thirty years younger.
 Then he and Henry began to discuss how to break it to Agnes.
 It seems Homer didn't relish the idea of breaking it to a face to face.
 So he thought Henry should do it.
 Inasmuch as Henry was responsible for his predicament, having been seen in the fatal
 jewelry store at the fatal time.
 Poor Henry.
 Oh, he's not doing it.
 Henry was as reluctant to face Agnes as Homer was.
 Then how?
 It was finally decided that Henry would break the news to Kathleen.
 Who in turn would break it to Agnes?
 My goodness.
 When is all this going to happen?
 Henry left for Kathleen's about an hour ago.
 Homer kept saying, "Honey Henry before my father finds out.
 "Honey Henry, my father will kill me."
 - Is that you, Henry? - Yes, mother.
 - Did you see Kathleen?
 - Sure, I just came from there.
 - Well, how did everything go?
 - Well, I said, "Kathleen, I said,
 "don't you think Homer and Agnes are a little too young
 "to be engaged after all?"
 I said, "She may find someone she likes more than Homer."
 - It's not bad.
 - Why did she say to that?
 - Well, she said, "What if she doesn't?"
 - My goodness.
 - And then I said, "Still, Kathleen.
 A young girl can have much more fun going out with lots of boys.
 Then what happens?
 Well then we talked a little more about boys and girls and
 the advantages and disadvantages of being engaged and things like that.
 I see. And how did it come out?
 I think I'm a little bit engaged myself.
 What Henry?
 (Music)
 Hi, homework, congratulations!
 And I've got a business proposition for you if you're still in game.
 Who said I was, Willie? Who said I was?
 She is at a secret, okay? I won't say a word!
 Now listen, not a word!
 Only if you're going to wear striped pants and a top hat at your wedding, I can rent you my father's at a discount.
 Well, that should be a sight to see, but for a mighty pretty sight any day in the week,
 it's, yes, you guessed it, jello, gay shimmering jello in those six delicious flavors, strawberry
 raspberry cherry orange lemon and lime.
 For a special treat tomorrow, try raspberry ginger dessert, made with rich red raspberry
 jello.
 Just as all the package of raspberry jello in one cup of hot water, then add a cup of ginger
 ale.
 Turn into individual moles and chill until firm.
 It's swell, tempting fruit like raspberry jello with tangy ginger ale.
 All six delicious jello flavors are rich with locked in goodness.
 Flavors seal right in so it can't get out till your first delectable spoonful.
 And that's why jello is America's favorite gelatin dessert.
 Now here is Mrs. Norman Vincent Peele, wife of the renowned minister, with some important
 news.
 Good evening, Henry Aldrich, or I should say Ezra Stone.
 I'm happy to be here tonight on behalf of National Family Week.
 To present to the Aldrich family our annual radio citation for high quality in content
 and excellence of production.
 This is the third consecutive year that the Aldrich family has won this award, and you
 are all to be congratulated.
 Thank you, Mrs. Peel. Thank you very much for this very high honor and for your kind appearance here tonight
 The Olrich family starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Calcas Homer is written by Frank Tarlov with music by Jack Miller
 Mr. and Mrs. Olrich our house Jamison and
 Catherine Roth and this is Dan Seymour in New York saying the old rich family is
 brought to you by the Jell-O family.
 Oh, the big red letter stand for the Jell-O family.
 Oh, the big red letter stand for the Jell-O family.
 That's Jell-O.
 Yum yum yum.
 Jell-O pudding, yum yum yum.
 Jell-O tap, the yoke pudding, yes or me.
 You as new as an orchid in the Arctic.
 Amazing, the only one of its kind.
 That's minute rice.
 Minute rice for magically quick, quick meals.
 You've never tasted such delicious rice.
 Rice that comes out light, white and fluffy every time.
 And without washing, rinsing, draining, steaming.
 Just drop minute rice in water and bring to a boil.
 It's quicker to fix than potatoes.
 Wonderful with stews, cream chicken or seafood.
 And so quick, quick.
 Remember the name minute.
 Minute rice in the red, white and blue box.
 [Music]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
