 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Oldrich!
 Coming, Mother!
 The Oldrich family, a special rebroadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations.
 [Music]
 And now for the Aldrich family with Dick Jones as Henry and Jackie Kalk as Homer.
 No one can ever predict what a teenage boy like Henry Aldrich will do next.
 The best you can do if you're a grown-up is to say that he'll do the sort of things you did when you were young.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room. The time is Sunday morning.
 Mary! Mary, I want you to run upstairs right this minute.
 Yes, mother. My goodness, what for?
 And get me a clean handkerchief.
 And Henry?
 Yes, mother. I'm already to start.
 No, you're not there. You haven't even combed your hair.
 Mother, I have combed my hair. I give you my word. I've combed my hair.
 Dear, you've combed it only in front. Remember the kilmas are going to be sitting in the pure right behind us, and you know how the kilmas talk.
 About my hair?
 Well, look, Mother. I've got a rubber band right here in my hand.
 How about my wearing that on my head until we get about a block from the church and then taking it all?
 Now dear, if you can't be honest about combing your hair, especially when it's for church,
 then I'd rather you didn't go with me.
 Yes, mother, I'll go up and comb it.
 Here, mother, here's your handkerchief.
 That's what you want me to get, isn't it?
 Thank you, dear. Thank you very much.
 And did you bring my gloves?
 Mother, you didn't tell me to.
 Well, I certainly took it for granted you knew I'd wear them.
 And Mary, look at your shoes.
 Here you are, I'm going to wear those, are you?
 Why not?
 To church?
 Shoes like that?
 I wore them last time we went.
 Well, I certainly didn't know it.
 if I had I wouldn't have been comfortable one minute of the entire service.
 Now please go upstairs and put on a sensible pair of shoes with toes in my mouth.
 Yes mother.
 And bring down my gloves and on top of my bureau.
 I think.
 They're on your bureau?
 Yes dear.
 Oh you might look and see if I left them on the foot of my bed as I went by.
 Mother.
 Yes Henry is that you calling me?
 Is it all right if I borrow Mary's co-hosts?
 Henry, all this don't you dare use my co-hosts.
 Mary is that any attitude to take just before church?
 Alice!
 Yes, Sam!
 Why isn't everyone ready to go?
 We are ready, Sam. We're really just waiting for you.
 You're waiting for me?
 Well, I'm all ready.
 Come on, let's not be late.
 Now, Sam.
 What's the matter?
 You aren't going to wear that tie, are you?
 This tie? What's the matter with this tie?
 Now, dear, you know very well you're to take up the collection this morning.
 I certainly don't want you walking down the aisle with everyone looking at nothing but your necktie and Mary's toes.
 Mother, what was it you said I should look for on the foot of somebody's bed?
 And my necktie!
 I mean your father's shoe.
 My gloves, dear, and please hurry up.
 That is why I worry about your gloves.
 Come on, let's get started.
 Sam, I could no more walk into that church and bare hands
 than I could--
 do you think I want to enjoy the service?
 Now, please go change your neck size.
 Oh, well.
 I know like my hair, mother.
 Hey, it looks fine.
 Now, dear, why can't you comb your hair that way every day
 and not just--
 dear, didn't I ask you to shine your shoes?
 Sure, mother, and I did.
 Look at the shoe polish on this one finger that wouldn't come off.
 Well, you may have some on your finger, but you don't have any on your shoes.
 And Henry, don't try to shine them on the back of your trouser leg.
 But it's a dark, loose suit, Mother.
 And a brand-new suit.
 I want you to march right out to the kitchen and finish shining them
 while your father is putting on a respectable tie.
 Yes, Mother.
 Only don't do anything in that good coat.
 Hang it on the back of his chair before you go out there.
 Sure, that's a very good idea, Mother.
 - And Mary... - I'm coming, Mother.
 Here's your Bible.
 Who do you think I found it?
 Thank you, dear. Only where are my white gloves?
 I can't find them, mother. Do you have to have them?
 Now, Mary, I certainly hope you don't think I want to sit through the whole service with my hands on my mind.
 Alice!
 Are you, Sam?
 Have you seen my gray stripe tie?
 Your gray stripe one?
 Or if you can't find it, dear, why don't you wear your black one?
 My black one? A black tie to take off a collection, Ed?
 Did you look on your neck tie, red collar?
 I did. No, I could find there was a pair of ladies' gloves.
 - You're glad, on your tie rack?
 Oh yes, then you'll find your great tie
 on the towel rack in the bathroom.
 - What you doing there?
 - It's hard to explain, Sam.
 Only please hurry, or we'll be late when we walk in
 and everyone will look at us that much more.
 - Hello everybody.
 (audience laughing)
 - Toma Brown, what are you doing over here?
 - My mother made me brush my suit three times
 and I got sick of it.
 - Do you mind if I sit with you in church?
 Oh, we'd love to have you.
 Only, wouldn't your mother and father like to have you sit with them?
 My father isn't going.
 It's his only chance to work on his income tax.
 And doesn't that mean your mother has to sit alone?
 No, that's what I'm explaining to you.
 She's sitting with my aunt and uncle and three cousins and my grandmother.
 And when you get that many in our pool along with all our coats and hymn books, my feet go to sleep.
 Oh, is that you, Officer?
 You're all Henry Henry have you finished polishing your shoes?
 Well I was just going to tell you my all I can find is the brown poly
 Oh dear sometimes I get so discouraged Mary go out and help your brother find the black
 Polish yes mother apparently Henry has learned anything unless 12 people have a
 doing
 Now what Sam you have any change
 Handy that I can get Henry and Mary no dear don't you have any
 all I have is some dollar bills you mean to say they'll have to
 That is now Sam
 My goodness with my pocketbook. I don't get excited. It's right there on the piano here. It is mr.
 So old which here I'll get it for you Homer. What are you doing here? We're all going to church together, mr.
 Oldrich. Oh
 Well, Sam is some change put some up it in Henry's coat pocket
 Where are Henry and Mary? I do they keep us waiting like this Henry's helping Mary find a shoe polish mr.
 No, wait a minute.
 What's the matter, Sam?
 What on earth is this garb of stuff in Henry's coat pocket?
 Sam! Sam, oldridge, look at your hand!
 Can you make out what it is, Alice?
 Is that a chocolate drop or something?
 Chocolate, Mr. Oldridge? Did you say chocolate?
 Oh, I just keep away.
 Sam, you have to get it out somehow.
 Get it out, Alice. You realize the whole bottom of the pocket is nothing but soft chocolate.
 That doesn't make any difference, Sam.
 And if you think I can sit in that church with everyone in town that I know staring at my
 son and knowing that I let him come with chocolate all over the inside of him.
 Alice, I've got out what I could.
 Well, what did you do with it?
 I put it in the ashtray.
 At least I thought I did.
 That's all right, Mr. O'Hood.
 I got it.
 It's very good.
 You must have had a cherry filling.
 Homer, are you eating that?
 Oh, excuse me.
 Did you want some?
 I did not.
 you eating more. Oh dear. Sam look at me. Look at my glove. Have you got some more
 Mrs. Allrich? Alice I told you to keep your hands out of there. And I just finished
 washing these gloves. Now let's just let things drop where they are. Come on and
 let's get started for church. Sam I am not going to start looking as though I'd
 been making fudge with my gloves on. Oh my dear go up to the bathroom please and
 get the bottle of cleaning fluid that's on the top shelf of the medicine closet.
 Yes Mrs. Aldrich, it's a very good idea.
 Boy, look at my suit.
 How did that get on there?
 Don't waste time looking at your suit, Ron!
 Father! Oh, what Mary?
 Have you seen the shoe polish anyplace?
 The shoe polish?
 Alice, do you suppose that's what's in Henry's pocket here?
 I'm not fast.
 Is it Mr. Old?
 - It is not. - Shoe polish I've been eating.
 Because if it is, I want to know before I do anything else.
 No, Homer, please get the cleaning fluid.
 Mother, yes, Henry.
 Did I get your homework say he found the shoe polish?
 No, Henry.
 He thought he'd eaten it.
 The blocks you polished?
 Why'd he do that?
 Henry, will you please tell me what this is in your blue coat
 pocket?
 Well, if it's a letter, Father, I'll tell you.
 I met her last summer, see?
 And why out of a clear sky I got--
 It is not a letter.
 It isn't?
 It's part chocolate and part Mariskino cherry.
 For me?
 You mean she sent me a box of chocolate?
 Henry, dear, can't you see your pocket? Can't you see my glove?
 Oh, she wins.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, that.
 Well, I tell you, Father, do you remember that box of chocolate covered cherries you brought home last week?
 I do.
 Well, I like chocolate, and I didn't know this had cherries in it, see?
 Go on.
 Well, last Wednesday afternoon, I happened to walk in there,
 And Mr. Carson, the minister, was here and the mother was passing him chocolates and she passed me one and I bit into it.
 Go on.
 Well, naturally with the minister here, I didn't want...
 Well, there wasn't any place left to print, so I put it in my pocket.
 Now, Henry, what's in that pocket? Isn't just one chocolate?
 No, that's what I was going to tell you.
 I tried one of them and I thought I'd try a couple more and see if I could hit one without cherries.
 And you apparently didn't hit one.
 So I finally gave up.
 And that was the last I ever thought of it.
 Mrs. Aldrich, here it is. Here's your cleaning fluid.
 Thank you, Homer. Thank you very much.
 Who are you going to start on first?
 Henry or me or Mr. Aldrich?
 What do you mean on me?
 Isn't that chocolate in your hair, Mr. Aldrich?
 In my hair.
 Ben, look in the mirror. How did you get chocolate way up there?
 Father, don't you like chocolate covered cherries either?
 That's a fine thing.
 If you're looking for chocolate these days, you can never find any, but...
 Ah, look at my shirt.
 No, Sam, it's in your hair.
 It's also on my shirt, and this is the last clean shirt I have until the laundry comes tomorrow.
 Well, hold still until I get through cleaning out Henry's pocket,
 and then I'll see what I can do with you.
 And Henry, the next time you put something in your mouth that you don't happen to like,
 especially if the minister is here, I hope you'll be honorable enough to swallow it.
 You mean it was sort of deceitful of me to put it in my pocket?
 No, there are more than looking at what you're doing.
 You poured that whole can of cleaning fluid into Henry's pocket.
 Yes, here only don't stand there and tell me about it.
 Go get a towel or something so we can soak it up.
 How long are you doing anything?
 You're just sitting around here.
 Go get a towel.
 I'll keep pal married.
 Henry, go over and open that window.
 Yes, Father.
 No, Henry.
 Stand still.
 You're leaking.
 Yes, Mother.
 Alice, let me tell you one thing.
 If you think I'm going to church,
 covered with chocolate like this, you're crazy.
 Now, Sam, you've got to go.
 I can't go.
 Why can't you?
 Smelling of cleaning fluid.
 Do you think I could sit through that entire service
 with a killman and back of me sniffing all right all right you can stay home to
 I'll go to the phone and tell mr. Carson that I can't help with the collection
 Mary can go and represent the whole family I can't represent it I can't
 possibly represent it why not I've got chocolate on my glove now Mary how on
 earth did you get chocolate on you that's what I can't understand I haven't even
 been near Henry well it's a funny thing but I haven't got a darn bit on me what
 do you mean you haven't got any on you go to that phone and call mr. cost what
 - Don't tell him the truth. He'll think we're making it up.
 - What shall I tell him?
 - You can think of something. Tell him...
 make something up that sounds believable.
 - Mrs. Aldrich.
 - Don't you have that towel, yes?
 - That's why I came down to ask you. Do you want a face towel or a bath towel?
 Or one of those nice little guest towels with cherries on it?
 [ Music ]
 And I would also like to remind the congregation that due to the fact that next Friday is a holiday,
 the meeting of the ladies' Thursday evening reading club which generally takes place on Friday afternoon
 will take place instead on Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
 Remember the ladies' Thursday evening club next Wednesday instead of Friday.
 Also, I am sure the members of the congregation will be pleased to hear that Mrs. Taff is doing much better
 and before long she'll be back taking part in the activities of our church.
 On the darker side of the picture, however, as I was leaving my study only a few minutes
 ago, the poem rang, and to make a long story short, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Oldrich,
 Henry, as to just what happened to him, no one seems to know, but at any rate Henry is
 being confined to his home. And while the immediate members of the family were most anxious to
 join us here in this service, they felt that their place at this time was beside their
 song. Now, before I get up with an extra announcement, I would like to say that some of these beautiful
 flowers that grace our church this morning will be set to Henry immediately following
 Mr.
 Mother Earth, have you seen my overcoat anyplace?
 Henry, what is it you want your overcoat for?
 From going out.
 Have you forgotten? I'm invited over to Catlings for Sunday dinner.
 Then you are not going out of this house until church is over.
 And Sam?
 Alice, I'm just going out to get some fresh air.
 All I've been breathing this morning is cleaning fluid.
 And do you realize church doesn't get out until 12 o'clock?
 All right. It's three minutes to 12.
 Look at my watch right here.
 Well, you're going to stay here until at least five after.
 Suppose you met the kilmas on your way down the street.
 You'd never live it down.
 Alice, where are you going?
 Out of the kitchen, make sure your watch is right.
 [Music]
 Oh, hello Mr. Carson.
 Hello. I'm sorry I was delayed. I did in my study getting out of my robe.
 That was an excellent sermon this morning, Mr. Carson.
 Excellent.
 Hey, Drew. Thank you.
 I've just been looking over the contributions here for this morning.
 They seem to be unusually generous.
 And by the way, Mr. Kastner, if it'll help any,
 I'd be very glad to take those flowers over to the orgages.
 Thank you, just the same.
 But one of the new members of the church,
 who seems to want to take part in our activities,
 has already offered to take care of that.
 Well, that will be a very nice experience for a new member
 to meet the orgages.
 Yes. Poor Mary Orgridge.
 Did you see her alone in her pew this morning?
 Oh, really?
 Did Mary get here?
 She most certainly did, and there she sat just as though nothing had happened.
 Yes? Well, well, where's my handkerchief?
 Mm-hmm. You got something on your hand?
 I just picked up a numble up with the little chocolate or something on it.
 Yes? Mm. That's good.
 I guess some little child is allowed to put that on the plate.
 Well, as long as the spirit was there, that's all that's important.
 Why is the way, did Mrs. Brown find her son Homer?
 Homer? Has he been lost?
 All I know is Mrs. Brown was waiting at the front door for quite a long time after the service and he didn't come out.
 She shook hands with me three times.
 Well, well...
 Something the matter, Mr. Carson?
 No, no, I just put my hand in my pocket and...
 How do you suppose that got in there?
 What is it?
 Oh, I remember.
 I was visiting the old riches this last week and Mrs. Oldrich passed some chocolate.
 And I liked chocolate covered cherries, but frankly, I'd had quite a hearty lunch.
 Well, I didn't want to put the chocolate back in the box.
 You know, so I sneaked it into my pocket.
 - Did it do much damage? - No, no, I think a little cleaning fluid will take it out, alright?
 I guess I better take care of it before I go over and call on Henry,
 so I won't feel guilty when I walk into the Aldrich's house.
 [Music]
 Well returned to Henry Aldridge in just a few moments.
 Main time here is Alan Roth and his orchestra.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (whistling)
 (whistling)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (whistling)
 (whistling)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (lively music)
 (lively music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (jazz music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 [applause]
 [music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Due to the fact that the entire family became covered with chocolate this morning,
 just as they were about to leave the house for church,
 only Mary attended.
 Mr. Aldrich, in his attempt to explain the situation to the minister,
 gave the impression that a serious accident had befallen Henry.
 The scene opens shortly afternoon of the same day on one of Santa Bill's streets.
 Listen, Homer, do you mind walking a little faster, please?
 I'm walking fast, Henry. What do you want me to do, Lunt?
 Don't you realize I'm due over Kathleen's for dinner right now?
 And all you want do is stop and look at things but Henry why not turn this corner here?
 Why do we have to go by the church? Why shouldn't we go by the church? We can cut right across the lawns save almost half a block
 Yeah, but remember Henry. We didn't go this morning and a foul over
 She wished you want to bump right into that man. That's got his arm full of plan. Oh, excuse me. That's all right young man
 I wonder whether you boys could give me a hand for just a minute. Oh sure is there something I'd like to have us do
 There are some more flowers here on the steps of the church that I've got to put in my car.
 I have to take them to several places and I'm a little behind schedule.
 Sure, we'd be glad to help you put them in the car.
 The only thing is, how about Kathleen?
 He wishes Henry if it's for the church, don't you think we ought to help?
 Well, are these the plants right here?
 Yes, put them on the floor in the back of the car. I'm going into the church and get some more.
 Are they for sick people, Mr.?
 Yeah, some of them are for Mrs. Cap and some of her young man over on Elm Street, who's had an accident.
 What?
 On Elm Street?
 Homer, who do you suppose that could be?
 Probably little killer kid.
 He's always falling down or something.
 That's true.
 And boy, my mother will probably make me go over and visit him.
 Henry!
 Henry, I'll get it!
 Don't bother me, Mary.
 Can't you see how I'm busy?
 But you shouldn't be carrying those.
 You want to be home receiving them.
 Receiving them?
 What do you mean by a statement like that?
 I don't know what it was, Father told Mr. Carson, but you're supposed to be in a terrible
 condition, Henry.
 This is no way to show your appreciation.
 For what? For what?
 I don't want any flowers, Mary.
 Kathleen's waiting for me.
 That doesn't make any difference.
 Mother's terribly upset and you've got to come home and be sick.
 Come on, Henry. Don't you think we better go back?
 Call the ground. You put that rubber plant down.
 But, Mary, I thought you said it was for Henry.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello Harriet, can you hear me? This is Alice Harriet. Your sister Alice Aldrich. Have you
 seen anything of Henry and Homer over your way? Well my goodness, I said Mary out to find
 Henry nearly 45 minutes ago and we were expecting flowers to be delivered for him any minute
 What am I going to do?
 Harriet, I've got to hang up somebody's at the door.
 Then the whole house simply wreaks of cleaning fluid.
 I say cleaning fluid.
 Then maybe that's the flowers at the front door right now.
 The flowers, Harriet.
 And Sam doesn't care a bit.
 He's upstairs taking your Sunday nap.
 His Sunday nap.
 Goodbye.
 How do you do?
 Hello there, Mrs. Aldrich.
 Oh, Mr. Carson.
 Oh, Mr. Carson, it's you.
 Well, isn't this a surprise?
 Won't you come here?
 I'm sorry, I was held up with a little matter
 of Mrs. Aldrich.
 I intended to get over here sooner, but...
 Well, as you can see, I've come to see the patient.
 Oh, yes, yes.
 Well, let's go into at least the living room.
 All right.
 I'm just a little embarrassed Mrs. Aldrich.
 - And embarrassed?
 - I'll be frank with you.
 I used a little cleaning fluid for something
 before I started over here,
 and I didn't realize I was really pouring it on.
 I guess you think I've smelled up your whole house.
 - Oh no, no, that's us.
 (audience laughing)
 Oh, don't try to be polite, Mrs. Aldrich.
 That isn't you, that's me.
 (audience laughing)
 This is hardly the time for laughter.
 No, no, I suppose not.
 I'm so glad to see you.
 Mr. Aldrich is upstairs lying down.
 Oh, it's Mr. Aldrich?
 It's Mr. Aldrich that's sick?
 My, uh...
 How could I have made a mistake like that?
 I thought it was Henry.
 Mr. Carson, do you mind my asking just what it was?
 Mr. Aldrich told you when he phoned this morning?
 Well, the fact is,
 now that I think of it,
 he did seem to be just a bit confused.
 All I gathered was there
 been quite an accident and the whole family was pretty much upset but I never
 dreamed of the imagine. What is it you're laughing at?
 Humans forgive me but I prayed for Henry. Well that's better than not though.
 However I suppose the Lord will get it all straightened out.
 Are you all
 Who's making all that noise down there?
 Mrs. Olrich I don't think you better let him come down even if I am here.
 I'm not going to with you excuse me just a minute while I see if he's all right of course and you tell him I'll come up there and see
 Well, that's fine
 I think you'll hear me
 Thank you quiet quiet quiet. I'm not making noise. Don't come any farther down the steps
 You've got to go back and get into bed. What far I've had by nap
 But the amisic caution has come to tell you how sorry he is you've had that accident. What accident?
 How do I know? Just go back into your room and get into bed. How did you feel all right?
 This isn't my fault. You're the one that cooked up that story.
 Now go on up there and get into your pajamas and get under the cover.
 What, Alex?
 Sam, do you realize he even prayed for us? Now go on!
 Oh, Mr. Carson!
 Yes, Mrs. Orich?
 I'm sorry to have kept you waiting, but...
 How is the patient?
 Why, he's fine. He seems a little restless. He wants to get up and around.
 Well, Mrs. Aldrich, before I go up there, I went over to sit down in your sofa and I
 moved that cushion and didn't look where I was sitting and apparently somebody left
 the chocolate drop under there.
 Oh, dear.
 Have you sat on it?
 That's all right, Mrs. Aldrich.
 This is an old suit, anyhow.
 Mr. Carson, I can't begin to tell you how embarrassed I am.
 Oh, there's nothing be embarrassed about.
 I happen to know that ordinary cleaning fluid will remove this sort of thing without any
 trouble, whatever.
 Yes, I found that out too.
 Would you excuse me while I go out to the kitchen and see whether there's any left?
 I mean... Mother!
 Yes, Mary, is that you?
 Yes, Mother!
 Dear, I didn't know you were home.
 Oh, yes, I've been upstairs with it.
 Oh, is this...
 Well, my goodness, I thought you were out looking for...
 Mr. Carson, I'll get you cleaned up in just a minute.
 Blandy!
 Oh, hello, Mr. Carson.
 Hello, Mary.
 Say, why do your mother's getting the cleaning fluid?
 Could my grub stairs and see the patient?
 The patient?
 Yes, let's go up and see how he is.
 Tell me, Mary, how was he when you saw him last?
 Oh, why?
 He was fine.
 But we've had quite a little trouble persuading him
 to get in bed.
 Yes?
 Yes, he had an engagement for Sunday dinner.
 And my goodness, he just insisted that he was going
 to go no matter what.
 Yes?
 Well, I'll give him a good talking to him,
 tell him to take care of himself.
 You know, we've been thinking for a long time
 of putting him on the board.
 And I don't know but what this would be a good time
 to bring it up.
 On the board?
 Isn't he a little young for that?
 Your home, not a bit.
 We need someone with his experience.
 Oh, we'll hear this door right here.
 I'll let you go in first, Mr. Carson.
 All right.
 Well, old man, how are you?
 Oh, gee whiz.
 Oh, what are you doing at Henry's bed?
 Mary, when Henry left, he said it was just going to be flowers,
 and then I could get up.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (audience applauding)
 (audience applauding)
 [Music]
 Back to Henry Orrrich in just a moment.
 But now here's...
 Hi, you fellas.
 This is your V-mail gal Jill saying "V-mail for some of you, V-mail for some more of you,
 and for the rest of you who are getting too few dimensions."
 Good night if you don't use vast V-mail, how do you expect us to get your letters answered
 on the double?
 And another thing, V-mail letters don't require an envelope, and you can make the notice short
 as a GI haircut.
 And now let's listen in on the olderages for a moment, exactly one week later.
 Mary, I want you to run upstairs right this minute and get me a clean handkerchief.
 Yes, mother, I'll get it right away for you.
 And, Henry, why don't you have both your shoes on?
 Well, that's what I was just going to tell you, mother. I can only find this run.
 Mother, I don't think you have any clean handkerchief.
 - What, Mary? - Come on, Alice. Is everyone ready to start?
 Now, Sam, where are you going with that suitcase?
 There's suitcase to church.
 And it is a complete change of Thai shoes, socks, and handkerchiefs.
 For everybody in the family. Come on.
 [Music]
 The Oldridge family is written by Clifford Goldsmith with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich, our house, Jamison and Catherine Lord.
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 [Music]
 This is the Armed Forces radio service.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
