 [Music]
 Some weeks ago our listeners were made acquainted with young Ezra Stone.
 Meeting member of the cast of the judge have a comedy success, thought of life,
 and a scene from that play.
 The occasion was pleasant. Some joy in fact that we commissioned Kevin Dole Smith, author of What A Life,
 to ride a new sketch based on the same patterns. Chief of which is Henry Aldrich, age 17, and constantly in hot water.
 Your head was out now with Lea Pemun, Betty Field, and Clyde Fillmore supporting Mr. Stone.
 as a stone in the early life of Henry Aldrich.
 [Music]
 The time 7.30 in the morning, the place the Aldrich home, located in any American town.
 As our coven rises, Henry, son of the house,
 is apparently on the wrong side of a door,
 as he greets the day with a mean determinant song.
 [SINGING]
 Henry Eldrich.
 [SINGING]
 Yes, Father?
 How much longer do you want to be in that bathroom?
 I'm practically small now.
 Oh, don't say so.
 I'm the case of none of the other members of this family kid who was what's that father nothing just hurry up and get out of there
 Not bothered me
 Yeah, well, oh go away
 I didn't even know when Harriet was here.
 Well, she is.
 You arrived in the night.
 Well, well, well.
 I have a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 That is a no parent to be here.
 What do you want?
 Honey, my vanishing cream is right there on the glass shelf.
 There is an enigmatic vanishing cream on the glass shelf.
 Evidently, it must have vanished.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It isn't 8 o'clock yet, while I be saying by 9.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I can tell you one thing you'll be saying,
 if you're not afraid, I can get out of there.
 Dad, please, I can give you my vanishing cream.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There it is.
 My gosh.
 You're welcome.
 Mary?
 Yes, Mother?
 Did I hear him the order come out of that bathroom?
 You did, but he went back in again.
 He just came out to see what months it was.
 [LAUGHTER]
 When he comes out, he'll hear him all over the scene.
 He made a clothing you were asking what he gave to the car
 to the electric toaster.
 Henry?
 Well, he wants to know what he did with the car to the toaster.
 Ask him to watch the toaster.
 So the only toaster we had.
 He took the car down in the basement for something last night.
 What's that?
 Henry!
 What did you do with the cord?
 I didn't do anything with it!
 I can fix it!
 I think...
 You think?
 That's a pretty picture!
 We can't wash our own bathroom!
 And we can't even have toast for breakfast!
 We might all be living in a restaurant!
 Shaggy!
 Now watch, sweetheart!
 Please hand me some of my facial tissues!
 You're hand me this!
 Hand me that!
 No wonder I can't get anything done!
 What do you think I do work here?
 If you ever do any work, it'll have to be in there.
 After all, if you want to take possession of that, please, you've got to take some of the responsibility to go with it.
 Listen, I'll give you your face and watch him of course, if you'll go get me my neck tie.
 So, that's what you've been doing in there. You're dressing!
 Father, please get him out of there!
 Just how would you go about it?
 I don't know, but it must be some way.
 You should talk.
 You watch everything you want in here three times a day.
 [laughter]
 And if I want to watch no more than my right hand,
 the whole family jumps on me.
 Anybody thinks that anybody else under this fair point
 was committing a major offense.
 [squeaking]
 Say you're right. What'd you do? Get your left hand with?
 Is that so?
 Here, look out. I want to speak to you.
 I'm calling you for. Why did this entirely aside from the issue? What did you do with
 a lawnmower when you finished with it yesterday? I didn't do anything with it. I put it right
 back in the garage. I see. Yes sir.
 I'm calling you for you. Henry Alvarish. Yes, Father. The next time I'm speaking to you,
 I'm sorry, I thought you were finished.
 Supposing you look at the bathroom window and see what you see the same thing I just saw.
 Out the bathroom window?
 You're in the bathroom, aren't you?
 Yes.
 Holy gee.
 Why don't you think I'm the one that left that out there?
 No.
 A point of the lawn.
 I got up in the middle of the night and went out there under its own power.
 You don't think you could have left it out there, do you, Father?
 I could have left it out there.
 I could have left it out there and they just paid two dollars and a half to have that machine started.
 Did that guy charge two dollars and a half of a lousy job he did?
 Well, I too thought leaving it out in the rain would improve what he did.
 Oh, I'll pay for it.
 I'll have what?
 If you've got any money coming, suppose that you pay me with your own me.
 Sure.
 That's a nice way to start the day.
 Go around reminding everybody of the death failure, even before they're watched.
 Well, if I remember correctly, your hands were in any too clean when you asked to borrow that money
 from me. Mary, is Henry still working you live? I don't know whether he's still
 watching or not but he's certainly still in there. I'm practically thrown now.
 Henry, yes, ma'am. When you took that call down to the basement last night's
 thoughts, did you do with it? What do you mean why I do with it? Whatever it was,
 you paid for it. I want to know how the excuse of the elliptic I thought happened
 to be burned out. Holy Jesus, that's not flash one.
 Then you do know something about it.
 Is this the only place where that has of importance can be discussed?
 After all, I am supposed to go downtown sometime this morning
 When I arrive at the office I would at least like to have my hair combed.
 Would you like to have these subjects come under the door, John?
 Yes, please do. I can make my apartment out in the hallway.
 Did he say he did want me to or he didn't want me to?
 You wait young man until you're taught to learn to be unched back to the stand of all night.
 Yeah, hmm, the guy in shoes was really warm and the cream of his coffee has sour. You are the sour cream in my car
 And we all we can come out of that bathroom and run over the car and get your father some cream
 What condition you're in you come out of there? I got to do something about this
 I am oh father you back of course. I'm back. Have you finally finished?
 Just the old homesteader, or that he's grown too interested
 since he went in there.
 - Maria, there he is!
 - Uh, could I have some money, Father?
 What are we going to do, Charge?
 You mean we're going to that bathroom?
 (audience laughs)
 I've got to have enough money to get a bottle of cream before.
 - Something happened to the ice box last night,
 but you haven't any idea what the trouble was.
 - Sure.
 - Well, I guess it was my fault, Father,
 and I shouldn't you pay for the cream out of your own money.
 Well, I guess I should.
 Could you pay me that 75 cents,
 you owe me for carrying out the ashes last winter?
 Mary.
 - I won't be but a minute, Father.
 - Can you imagine that?
 Now respect it all.
 - Henry, you left your Roman history book in here.
 - Well, don't lose my place.
 (audience laughing)
 And another thing, Henry,
 I hope that one of these days
 assume a few responsibilities after all when you take the card of the toaster
 downstairs we're ready not to bring it back up when you're through with it I
 thought I did you thought you did I suppose you thought the icebox would run
 with a fuse blown out I suppose you thought that the one more you know what
 you did last night you put the code of the toaster on the flash I am and then
 let it plugged in all night no wonder the icebox fuse is blown out yes and I get
 the blame for it haven't you started wet Henry I'm just starting now but I
 I asked the father to take a look out the back window.
 I wonder whether he realizes he left the lawn mower out all night.
 When did I leave the lawn mower out all night?
 Oh, when did you see?
 I saw you go round to the garage myself and get it out right out the window.
 I've explained if I didn't.
 Could I keep the change to this dollar phone?
 Henry!
 Now what?
 Where'd you put this out?
 I didn't put it anyplace.
 There wasn't any soap.
 That's a terrible little dixie.
 [Music]
 This coming week, try the delicious coffee.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
