 [Music]
 Henry Henry Olgridge!
 The coming mother!
 [Applause]
 Here's to the Olgridge family written by
 Clifford Goldsmith.
 [Music]
 A teenage boy has always scampered across the American scene.
 Tom Sawyer, a huckleberry fin, Kenrod, pecs bad boy.
 Maybe there's a good reason why.
 Maybe in a typical American boy like Henry Aldrich,
 people can see someone they once were or once knew.
 The scene opens on the front porch of the Aldrich home.
 home. The time is late afternoon.
 G. Homer, you're just worrying over nothing.
 Well, Henry, that isn't the way my father said he would have done it.
 My father will get it, Homer.
 Why do you think he's taking the time to drive way out to Mr. Frederick's farm if you can?
 Well, boy, I certainly hope he can collect it.
 Homer, he's going to tell Mr. Frederick right straight to his face how much he owes us for the work we did this summer.
 And your father thinks he can get it all?
 Sure he can, Homer. He'll get our whole eight dollars.
 Well, my father said that if a man owed him that much for working as hard as we did,
 He wouldn't go all the way out there, he'd just sue him.
 Boy, your father doesn't know anything about a thing like that.
 All he does is sell lumber.
 Because my father's one of the best lawyers in the state.
 He can talk anyone into giving him money.
 How?
 I don't know, but it's an act you have if you're a lawyer.
 And nobody puts anything over on my father.
 When he goes after a thing, he gets it.
 He does?
 And how?
 You just wait until he comes back and hands us each $4.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 But father, didn't I make it clear Mr. Frederick owed us eight dollars?
 Henry, for the last time I collected it.
 In money, Mr. Aldrich?
 No, Homer, not in money.
 As I said before, I collected the equivalent.
 Sam, what do you mean by the equivalent?
 I mean, Alice, that Mr. Frederick didn't have the cash.
 So he paid it in corn.
 In what?
 [Laughter]
 Corn Mrs. Alvich, G. Father, and not that we don't appreciate your trying,
 but what Homer and I had really planned and was, well, you know, money.
 Gee whiz, Mr. Alvich, my father said...
 Never mind what your father said, Homer.
 There's nothing wrong with being paid in corn.
 It's the ancient principle of barter and exchange.
 - It is? - Of course.
 It's a simple case of applied economics.
 You boys will learn a great deal from this transaction.
 It's taught me one thing already.
 - I'm glad to hear it, Homer. - The next time I do any work,
 I'm getting my money in advance.
 (audience laughing)
 - Now Homer.
 - Sam, how much corn did he give the boys?
 - Tomorrow morning Alice,
 he's driving his truck in with 12 bushels.
 - 12 bushels?
 A corn?
 - Yes Mrs. Aldrich, 12 bushels.
 - Where in heaven's name are you gonna keep it?
 - In the basement, mother.
 Until we can figure out what to do with it.
 - Well, that's very nice, I'm sure.
 Mr. Aldrich, how much is it worth a bushel?
 - Well, I'm afraid it isn't worth a great deal right now.
 Oh, but naturally if you hold it, you'll find the price will fluctuate.
 Sure, sure it will. What do you mean "flutuate" Henry?
 Boy, how many of you are dumb. It means that...
 Tell him, will you father?
 The fluctuation reflects the cost of living. The price may be down, but only temporarily.
 Sooner or later it'll go up.
 Sam, what is it you're suggesting the boys do? Trade in car?
 Now Alice, it would be a very good experience for them.
 They'll learn the principles of supply and demand.
 This will teach them the value of money.
 - When she was father, I know the value of money.
 It's the value of corn, I'm worrying about it.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, don't worry about it, dear.
 You and Homer can corner the market
 with your 12 bushels and make a killing when it goes up.
 - Alice, for heaven's sake.
 - I'm sorry, Sam.
 Please hurry and get ready for dinner.
 - Were you including me, Mrs. Aldrich?
 - Why, no, Homer, I wasn't.
 However, if you feel that you want to stay, I couldn't stay unless I was specially asked.
 Oh, in that case, dear, perhaps the next time.
 Could you start that over again, Mrs. Aldrich?
 Come on, I'll go to the door with you.
 Well, thanks for your trouble, Mrs. Aldrich.
 And thank you for your trouble, Mr. Aldrich.
 No trouble at all.
 Understand, Henry, I'm not criticizing.
 Only you should have gotten my father to handle this.
 Now, listen, is that a slur on my father?
 Oh, gee whiz no.
 The only thing is, I don't know how he makes a living.
 Homer.
 Twelve bushels of corn or twelve bushels of corn?
 I can figure that much myself.
 But when I go up to the dance committee and get two tickets for the class dance,
 what am I going to hand them?
 Six bushels of corn?
 That hasn't even fluctuated yet?
 Are they already worse off than I am?
 I asked Eleanor Wentworth, haven't I?
 Boy, I don't know how I'm going to be able to face Betty Newton.
 Listen, Homer, why don't you see if your mother wouldn't be interested in buying it?
 It's a can. The whole twelve bushels?
 We could quote a reasonable price.
 Sure. You want my mother to get us out of a hole that your father got us into.
 Who are we? Who are we? We aren't in any hole.
 You just don't realize how valuable that corn is going to be.
 When? When it fluctuates. When it fluctuates.
 Henry, in which room is the class holding the meeting?
 right there in two way did you try the wayside market Homer yes Henry I've
 been everywhere did you go to the neighborhood grocery yes and they said
 the same thing everybody else did no they just laughed well didn't you tell
 them what your father said about the price Homer people who are laughing
 aren't in the mood to talk business boy I want to go to this meeting anyway all
 they're gonna talk about is the class dance did Eleanor wet worth go in sure
 and I'll bet the first thing they ask us is have we bought our tickets quiet
 Henry is the meeting started?
 No, President, I'm going to be teaching the chair!
 You've all heard the names of the last meeting. Are there any announcements?
 Mr. President, the chair recognizes Toby Wilson.
 All though most of the tickets for the dance a week from this Saturday have been sold, there are still a few guys holding back.
 Oh boy.
 Let's not have any slack, Miss Fosse. Let's make it a hundred percent!
 [cheering]
 I'm going out, Henry. No one will see ya.
 Are there any other announcements? Mr. President!
 Jimmy Bartlett. Mr. President, I've been a member of this class for a good many years now.
 I like to ask, why did ticket-tack the cost so much?
 Mr. President, that's what I say.
 Oh, shit!
 Oh, shit!
 Well, I think the price of the ticket should fluctuate like the cost of living.
 Homer, would you mind explaining that?
 Well, if you don't know, it's not going to do any good to tell you.
 The beneditions of money I mined is the principal.
 Homer, I believe the price of tickets was fully discussed at the last meeting.
 And you're out of order.
 What do you mean I'm out of order?
 I wasn't even at the last meeting.
 I think we ought to have more principal all the way around.
 [crowd murmuring]
 Homer, be quiet.
 Water, please.
 Water.
 Are there any other announcements?
 Mr. President.
 Betty Newton.
 I make a motion that the chairman of the dish read off the list of those boys who hadn't bought their tickets here.
 The last will be right at the next meeting.
 Are there any other announcements?
 - Mr. President?
 - Yes, Shanery.
 - I make a motion that we postpone the dance.
 (crowd cheering)
 - For how long?
 - For about four weeks.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - All in favor signify by saying aye.
 - Aye.
 - Don't oppose.
 - No!
 - Mr. President, I make a motion that no more in this class
 feel allowed to bring any girl to the dance
 that isn't in the class.
 Mr. President, yes, darling, I object not amongst the no less than
 confiscation of personal rights.
 Mr. President, Henry Orridge,
 I've been listening with great interest to all the complaints about this dance
 and naturally it worries me.
 I'm not sure, but I think I have a suggestion.
 We had a good dance last year and we had a good dance the year before.
 And I guess if we're all here we'll have another one next year.
 I certainly hope we will because I like to dance.
 But, gee, I don't know.
 Sometimes I start wondering if dancing is everything in life.
 How about trying something else, just one year?
 The evenings are nice now.
 They're a little chilly maybe, but we're going to have a moon, I think.
 Why waste our time indoors?
 Just dancing.
 Well, what do you suggest?
 Why, uh, sort of cornrows.
 I make a motion that this class show a little originality and initiative and have a corn
 roast.
 I second the motion.
 On our place.
 On our...
 That's the present.
 I've never heard of anything so ridiculous.
 All I can say is who wants a corn roast?
 I do, Mr. President.
 Why do you have an NREO return on through dancing yet?
 I mean corn!
 The only trouble with having a corn roast is where are you going to get a corn roast?
 I mean corn!
 The only trouble with having a corn roast is,
 "Where are you going to get the corn?"
 It's hard to find this time of year.
 Oh, my God.
 But if we have enough initiative and originality to want a corn roast,
 then I'm willing to personally guarantee that I will find the corn.
 Somehow.
 [cheering]
 I second that motion too.
 What motion, Homer?
 What?
 There wasn't any motion.
 Well, then I made one.
 Oh, I second that.
 Now wait a minute, where are your principles?
 - At whom are shut up? - Here has been a motion
 that instead of a dance, we show little originality
 and initiative by holding a corn roast.
 All those in favor signify by saying aye.
 - Aye! - Aye!
 - Pause! - No!
 - The boys have it, it'll be a corn roast.
 (crowd cheering)
 - This is the best! - Hold up.
 Homer, tell Henry Audrey somebody wants him outside.
 I'm wanted outside?
 Somebody wants you out in the main office.
 Hey, come on, Homer, I'm wanted.
 Mr. President, the good meat we will or will not have punch also.
 [CHEERING]
 Gee, Henry, did you steamroll or that?
 Oh, Henry, it just happens that I did it for the sake of the class.
 You did?
 Sure.
 I really think a corn roast is a better idea than a dance.
 And if it happens that we have the corn, they need,
 we'll let them have it.
 Just what they need, no more and no less.
 Well, how much do you think they'll need, Hen?
 About 12 bushels.
 Henry, I wonder who wants you in the front office.
 Henry Oh, Ritchie.
 Where did you come from, Eleanor?
 I just followed you on a class meeting,
 and I want to tell you that every girl in there
 is so mad at you, they're never going to speak to you again.
 They're all mad at me?
 My goodness, Henry.
 You even invited me to go to the class dance with you.
 Well, sure, Eleanor, but let me explain it.
 Henry, I even bought a dress for the dance,
 a brand new Tafforda dress.
 Well, look here, watch that.
 Oh, and I look nice eating corn on the cob in Tafforda.
 But she was Eleanor.
 Oh, we did with Substitute a corn roast for the dance.
 And you can just substitute another girl.
 Goodbye.
 Eleanor, wait.
 Eleanor, wait.
 Oh boy, come on Henry, here comes Betty.
 You wait for me, Homer Brown.
 Oh, did you want to speak to me?
 Yes, I do.
 Do you realize I can't eat sweet corn?
 Why not?
 Because I got this breeze on my teeth.
 And I've got to wear it for three more months.
 She, Whiz Betty, are too self-conscious about it.
 That's right.
 It's not the least bit noticeable.
 Unless you smile.
 No, but she whiz Betty.
 Henry Aldrich!
 Oh boy, who's that?
 Who's that?
 It's your sister, Henry.
 Mary?
 What's she doing here in school?
 She got a complaint too.
 Henry, I've been waiting for you in the main office.
 Here, you left this morning without your lunch box.
 Oh, well, thanks very much.
 And Henry, when you come home from school this afternoon, you'll stop at the store and see
 if you can get 12 years of fresh picked corn.
 Corn?
 Yes.
 We've got corn.
 She was 12 bushels came this morning before I left the house.
 But Mother says we can't eat that, Henry.
 My goodness, how could we eat it?
 Why couldn't we?
 It's horse gone.
 [laughter]
 It's what corn costs?
 Horse?
 Horse?
 Does that mean we can't have the corn roast?
 Homer, that means if anything is going to be roasted, it'll be us.
 [applause]
 The Aldrich family will be back in just a moment, but first,
 Tonight on most of these same NBC stations, you can enjoy more comedy with Theatre Guild on the Air.
 This week Theatre Guild on the Air stars Van Hefflin and Rutherford and Kenny Delmar in George Washington slept here.
 Already seen on Broadway and a hit in the movies, this George S. Corp and Mosshard comedy deals with a city man who discovers the country,
 where running water usually means there's a brook in the backyard.
 Here in Theatre Guild on the Air's presentation of George Washington slept here later this evening.
 And finally, no program lineup would be complete without some of the top NBC news shows.
 And Sunday is no exception.
 For tonight, NBC brings you "Moth Around Trees Meet the Press."
 Tonight's second-use feature is the American Forum of the Air,
 and the discussion topic is "Which Party is the Working Man's Friend?"
 Offering as guest panel members, Secretary of Labor, Maurice Tobin,
 and Fred Hartley, co-author of the Taft Hartley Labor Act.
 Your moderator will be Theodore Grannick.
 Yes, that's the NBC program scheduled for tonight.
 Just stay tuned for the tops in radio.
 [Music]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry and Homer have talked to junior class into holding a corn roast instead of a dance
 in order to sell their 12 bushels of corn.
 While congratulating themselves on their success,
 they learn that they have in their possession not sweet corn, but horse corn.
 The scene opens that afternoon in the Aldrich basement.
 Understand, Henry, I'm not criticizing your father, but don't you think he should have
 known this was horse corn?
 Why should he have?
 After all, my father's a lawyer, not a farmer.
 To him, corn is corn.
 Well, listen, Henry, I've been thinking.
 Couldn't we still sell it to the class, even if it is really just for horses?
 Look, Homer, you see this front tooth?
 Yes?
 I lost that tooth once, biting into an air of horse corn.
 Looks alright to me.
 Sure, I threw out again.
 But the one I had, I lost.
 You did?
 Sure.
 And do you want us to be responsible for the whole class losing their front teeth?
 Well, couldn't we soak it in butter and soften it up a little?
 And not serve it until after dark?
 No, Homer.
 Oh, well here we are Henry, stuck with those 12 bushels of horse food and the whole junior
 class is waiting for something to eat.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Mother, please let me finish!
 Eleanor, I don't want to hear another word about the class dance.
 Mother, it isn't to be a dance, it's to be a corn roast,
 and Henry Aldrich expects me to go with him.
 But you're not going out and by close just for a corn roast.
 We bought you a lovely taffet address to dance in.
 I understand.
 Why aren't you having the dance?
 Henry thought it would be much more original for us not to have one.
 Well, you have plenty of clothes that are good enough to eat corn in.
 But nothing that Henry hasn't seen me in before.
 And this is going to be a very original occasion.
 There, you can't expect me to buy your address for every single occasion.
 It's silly Eleanor.
 But mother, I'll economize.
 I'll get something like a wear to corn roasts and weenie roasts.
 Oh, mother, if I don't get a new dress, I'll just die. I know which.
 Oh, I'd have a hard time explaining that to your father.
 Oh, I'll die.
 Oh, right.
 Can you meet me at the Emporium tomorrow?
 Oh, yes, Mother, and thank you.
 I saw just the thing down there I have in mind.
 It's good night where you are, Mother.
 I'll answer the phone for you.
 Hello?
 Hello, is this Eleanor?
 Yes, this is Betty. I just had a great idea.
 What about?
 Well, you know that cornrolls we're having?
 Yes.
 Well, my uncle has a cabin down by the lake,
 and I ask him whether the whole class could meet there.
 And what do you think, Eleanor?
 He said he'd be very glad to let us have it, and he's sending two men out there to get the whole thing cleaned up for us.
 Really? Yes. I think it's a very original idea, don't you?
 Yes, I was just telling my mother.
 And what else do you think?
 What?
 But Dennis is gonna take the brace off my teeth.
 He is?
 And the special favor, just for the weekend.
 That's wonderful.
 No, why?
 Am I looking forward to it?
 I should imagine.
 I think it's terribly exciting.
 I should think you were.
 And how?
 You know what's been here since I've eaten sweet corn?
 Hey!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Quiet, please. Quiet. Why can't we have an orderly clash meeting for a change?
 Gee Henry, everything's going swell. They haven't even mentioned the corn roast.
 Quiet, Homer. I think they've forgotten they voted on.
 Quiet, please. Quiet.
 The next item on the agenda is report on the corn roast.
 Where is Henry Orich?
 Oh boy, who?
 There he is, Mr. President.
 Is that Orich back in the corner?
 Yes.
 Yes, Mr. President.
 Will you make a report?
 Well, I'd like to say a few words on that subject.
 It has come to my attention that some of the people around here are a little upset by the
 corn situation.
 We've always been pretty proud of the harmony in the class, and I think would be a great
 mistake if we let an innocent suggestion by me about having a cornrow split us wide open.
 After all, we have our annual what you may call it's to have a good time. And for that
 reason I think it's foolish to go ahead willy-nilly with a cornrow. I second the motion. No motion
 has been made yet, Norman. Then I second it when it's me. Oh, you're out of water. You
 That's so well just as a matter of principle I like to know
 To a corn rose tan rate what are you suggesting its place?
 We girls have a right to know where we stand around here
 And don't misunderstand me Betty I think we ought to have a dance and corn
 Only only working together so that everybody will be satisfied and that won't be any hard feelings
 Well
 Why couldn't we show a little originality and initially I'm gonna have sort of a farm dance
 You know what I mean?
 The only not a plain ordinary barn dance. This would be different the decorating
 Nothing but ears of corn. Mr. President. I second that motion
 I can't have corn to eat instead of just corn for decorations.
 Because along this time of the year, Toby, you take corn for instance.
 It's very colorful and nice to look at, while sweet corn is liable to be tough.
 If you don't want to lose a tooth when you're out on a social event, do you?
 I can take care of my teeth.
 But I say why take a chance?
 After all, we can eat corn any old time. Why get into a rut?
 I think we ought to be the first class in the history of Central High or any other school
 that has the originality and initiative to have a plain card dance.
 [cheering]
 Mr. President, I have the floor for...
 Yes, my name is...
 Order, please. The chair recognizes on our work worth...
 Mr. President, I'd like to protest.
 Just because the majority in this class is composed of boys,
 That doesn't give the boys any right to change their minds every ten seconds.
 We girls have a right to know what's going to happen to us!
 I demand that a ball be taken!
 No, wait a minute, Eleanor!
 I demand that a ball be taken on our having a simple, informal dance in evening clothes!
 No!
 Yes!
 No!
 Mr. President, Mr. President, Mr. President!
 Mr. President!
 [Music]
 Mother, did you hear what happened at Henry School today?
 No Mary.
 My goodness, I don't know what started it, but one of the classes practically had a riot.
 Really?
 I understand they had to call in six hall monitors and the gym teacher to quiet them down.
 What was the trouble?
 I don't know, but they tell me the class is in a terrible condition.
 Nobody's speaking to anybody.
 There's even some talk of when they graduate, they're going to have two separate commencements.
 Or four!
 Well, all the girls say they won't be seen graduating from the same platform as the boys.
 What is the living home?
 Is that you, Henry?
 Yes, mother.
 Oh, Mrs. Aldrich.
 Hi, Mary.
 Hello, Homer.
 Henry, how on earth did you get your shirt torn?
 My shirt?
 My shirt?
 Oh, Gee whiz.
 Do you know who I think tore it, Henry?
 Oh, Betty.
 When did she do that?
 Right after Natalie White slapped his face.
 Henry, why don't you slap your face for?
 I took the floor away from her.
 The floor?
 You blocked?
 I took the floor away from her.
 We had a class meeting.
 Homer, you better get some Akira Crump for your face.
 It's all scratched up.
 That was Madeline Miller.
 Yeah, I goodness, she must have long fingernails.
 Not anymore.
 Henry, you didn't get into a fight with any of the girls, did you?
 She was no. I was a gentleman through the whole thing.
 I don't understand what caused the whole thing.
 Well, we had what you might call a close vote.
 See, Mother? But we got it through, didn't we, Henry?
 What did you get through?
 Oh, just a little motion I made.
 Listen, Mother, where'd you put the corn?
 The corn?
 Sure, my 12 bushels.
 Oh, no, it isn't Mrs. Aldrich.
 Yes, it is, Homer.
 Mary, we were just down there.
 And there wasn't even one basket there.
 Well, I don't understand.
 Mother, did you go out at all the day?
 Yes, I did.
 Did you lock all the doors?
 Oh, but the back door.
 Oh, boy.
 You think our corn's been stolen him?
 Sure it has, Homer. Sure it has.
 There don't be ridiculous.
 No one is going to steal 12 bushels of corn you can't eat.
 Corn?
 You boys aren't worried about the corn, are you?
 We sure are, Father.
 Hello, Sam.
 Hello, dear.
 Do you know anything about the corn, Sam?
 I certainly do.
 Who took it?
 Who took it, I did.
 You did?
 After all, I wasn't going to let Mr. Frederick stick.
 my own son with the load of useless horse corn.
 No sir.
 So I just went out there and made him take it back.
 You haven't got the corn anymore?
 I should say not.
 Did Mr. Fredericks give you the money?
 No, potatoes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Potatoes?
 Nobody puts anything over on Sam always let me tell you,
 I'm a pretty sharp trader, you know.
 But father, you're all rich.
 No bother to thank me.
 It was my own fault for not being more careful in the first place.
 But father, you're all rich.
 I let him know quite plainly I would stand for no nonsense.
 But, Paul, Mr. Oldrich!
 Look, Daddy, see that window in the Emporium? That person, the senator?
 Yeah, that's exactly like the one I got for the corn roast. Only mine was blue.
 And they won't let you take it back?
 No, that's why my mother's so mad at our class.
 Well, look, Daddy, I guess you're going on and this is about as far as I go.
 Well, I'll see you tomorrow.
 Goodbye.
 - Bye.
 - Bye.
 - Oh, hello mother.
 I wondered whether you'd be here.
 - Now Eleanor, are you sure you have to buy
 a special outfit just for a barn, Dan?
 - Oh my goodness, yes.
 After all, I can't wear a corn roast dress
 to a corn dance, especially when the whole dance
 was Henry's idea.
 (upbeat music)
 Quietly! Quiet!
 Henry, what are we gonna do?
 Let's just wait and see if something happens.
 Well, we're still stuck with the potatoes.
 Homer, relax. Take it easy.
 My father says that's a trouble.
 We've been taking it easy when we should have been tough.
 I'm gonna make a motion. What motion?
 I don't know yet.
 But Mr. President, Homer Brown...
 I had the floor first.
 Nobody recognized you.
 Sit down.
 Sit down, Homer.
 As long as there is some doubt about who had the floor first,
 I think we should recognize the young lady.
 (cheering)
 Thank you Mr. President.
 I'm glad to see there's a little chivalry left in this school.
 Mr. President, this is a matter of principle!
 Betty Noten has the floor.
 Thank you.
 I should like to bring to your attention an article in today's school paper, which is the most sensible thing I've ever read in my life.
 It's called "In These Times."
 It says, "In these times it hardly seems fitting in proper for students who are planning a dance to spend their money on unnecessary decorations."
 decorations such as corn. If the junior class really wants to hold a dad so it
 will be long remembered, why don't they give a dance without the decorations and
 show a little originality and initiative by contributing that money in the fall of
 food like potatoes.
 They are very generous and appreciated steps and would eliminate a lot of
 worries. Time a loyal classmate.
 Mr. President, why must it be potatoes?
 Because in the staff of life, that's Brad.
 The professor told me the person who wrote that article
 knew what he was talking about.
 And we're going to carry out his wishes.
 Mr. President, I make a motion that this class give a dance,
 just a plain informal dance, an evening dress,
 without any other decoration.
 And then we use the proceeds to buy potatoes for people that are worried.
 Mr. President, Henry Olrich, I just want to say that since I was the one who first
 suggested the court dance after hearing that article I'm ashamed of myself I
 not only would grow my suggestion but I second Betty's motion hey Henry who wrote
 that article what do you think why didn't you tell me I even put the paper on
 Betty's desk hey Homer Homer there's a fella in the hall it wants to see you he
 wants to see me who is it I don't know somebody just told me come on Homer let's
 get out we're sitting pretty I'll say we are order order all those in favor of
 our country the banks proceeds to potatoes you said that's ready for corn please
 say hi Henry do you see anyone out here no hello Homer father what are you doing
 here I just went out and had a talk with that farmer who owed you money you did
 mr. Brown yes sir and I fixed things I told him he couldn't unload first horse
 and then old potatoes that were even sprouting.
 Maybe he could do that to Sam Alrich,
 but he couldn't do it to me.
 You mean you got our money, Father?
 No, he didn't have any cash.
 But I made him come across with 25 baskets of spinach.
 Spinnish!
 Oh boy, Homer, not even the poor will take spinach!
 [applause]
 [applause]
 Within the next 20 seconds that fire will break out somewhere in the United States,
 yes, there are 4,600 fires in America each day.
 By obeying a few simple rules, we can protect ourselves from dis-devastating menace.
 Don't smoke in bed or discard lighted cigarettes carelessly, and be careful with matches.
 Remember, it doesn't pay to gamble with fire. You can't win.
 Hello?
 And just one more thing, Henry.
 Wasn't she again, Eleanor?
 It certainly is the more I think about it.
 A spinach dance! A spinach dance!
 And I have a brand new yellow chafeta!
 Well, couldn't you go as a slice of egg?
 [audience laughter]
 [music]
 [music]
 The Orange Family is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Johnny Piedler.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldridge are housed in Jefferson and Catherine Roth.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station for another sparkling half-hour with the Old Ridge family.
 Good night, everybody.
 [Applause]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 [Music]
