 [Music]
 And now the Jell-O family presents Henry Henry Olve. Come here, mother.
 [Applause]
 That is the Olve family based on parishes originated by politicalists,
 I'm sorry, every song of Henry, just Jackie's help as well.
 And yes, it's the Jell-O family.
 (GENTLE MUSIC)
 All the big red letters stand for the Jell-O family.
 All the big red letters stand for the Jell-O family.
 ♪ ♪
 ♪
 ♪
 ♪
 ♪
 ♪
 And now Henry Olga.
 And Henry has a bounce all his own.
 The scene opens at the Aldrich breakfast table.
 More coffee, Sam.
 Thank you, Alice.
 What have you spoke of in the henry this morning?
 Got into him in what way?
 Oh, my goodness.
 Didn't you hear him in the bathroom?
 He was brushing his teeth and whistling
 at the top of his lungs.
 Alice, that can't be done.
 Well, there he was doing it.
 It sounded like that piece from Rigoletto.
 All four parts?
 It's too early in the morning for Joe.
 Good morning, Mother. Good morning, Father.
 Good morning, Father.
 Yeah. How do you feel?
 Oh, I wonder. Pass the cereal, please.
 You're good. Eat cereal voluntarily.
 Oh, sure, Mother. If there's one thing I feel like this morning,
 it's great, not.
 See, stick out your tongue. My tongue?
 No, I'll let it.
 Oh, I'll let it in.
 Henry, it's necessary for you to be in quite such good spirit.
 You're worrying, your mother.
 Well, I was gonna save it for a surprise, but what's the best news in the world I could give both of you?
 You've discovered oil and I can retire.
 Father!
 Henry, you passed your history exam.
 Ask that mother. I got the highest mark in the class.
 Sam, did you hear that?
 I think I did, but I'd like to hear it again.
 The highest finish?
 Sure. Well, that's fine, sir.
 The highest mark imagined my song.
 Well, that's not the good news.
 I'm going to be the regular shortstop on the baseball team.
 What?
 That's nice. Congratulations, Henry.
 Nice, mother.
 Only try to be careful when the other boys tackle you.
 Mother!
 Well, Henry, shortstop, eh?
 Yes, sir.
 First thing, eh?
 First thing, well, well, well, well.
 When did Coach Nelson tell you, Henry?
 Tell me what?
 He kept you with the first thing, shortstop.
 He didn't exactly tell me in so many words, Father.
 No.
 I'm not in so many words.
 What did he tell you?
 Well, Father, I didn't have to be told.
 It's obvious.
 Sam, let him finish his breakfast.
 He'll be late for school.
 In a moment, Alice.
 And they would do mind telling me how it is obvious.
 Father, do you remember Steve Armstrong?
 Wasn't he the regular shortstop last season?
 Sure, that's just it.
 He's not around this year.
 He had a fortunate accident.
 Accident.
 Sure, he graduated.
 When his nomination moved to Abbott City,
 and that's just like Willie Marshall and me.
 And you're that much better than Willie?
 No, but he flunked his history exam
 and so he's ineligible.
 And don't you think I'm a pushover?
 No, suppose some boy you don't even know about shows up
 at practice and take short stuff away from you.
 Father, you're talking just like a lawyer.
 I am a lawyer.
 Santa, hand me to your confidant, he's a pushover.
 Well, that's, he's just counting his chickens
 before their hats.
 But, gee, was they even gave me a uniform?
 That's how sad I am.
 You had a uniform last year?
 Sure, but this one fits.
 And he even got another on it.
 He was last year.
 They wouldn't let anyone know who I was.
 And the evidence certainly sounds very convincing.
 Alex, I'm not saying Henry won't be the shortstop.
 I just think he ought to keep quiet about it
 until he's certain.
 But, Paul--
 Then Henry, there'll be no chance
 of you making a fool of yourself.
 Hey, Henry.
 Oh, she was--
 Is that a homer already?
 I had the same reaction.
 I'll be right with you, Homer.
 Henry, your breakfast.
 Mother, I finished all.
 But a few great nuts and I'll crunch them on the way to school.
 Hi, Homer.
 Henry, hurry up. We're gonna be late.
 What are you eating?
 Not in my breakfast.
 Yeah?
 If I ever mention I'm crazy about great enough, Homer, I need my strength.
 Oh, do you mind if I hold my palm under and catch what falls?
 Okay.
 What are you gonna do with that glove?
 This glove? This baseball glove?
 Yeah.
 Nothing, Homer. Nothing.
 Oh, it's across the street.
 Henry, are you turning out to the team again?
 I'm trying out power if you only knew.
 You know what?
 I think I'm a...
 And quit trying to make me make a fool of myself.
 Can we tell me?
 No.
 Please.
 No!
 It'll be on my mind all day.
 I have enough trouble concentrating on my curriculum.
 Well...
 ...comer...
 ...can you keep your mouth shut?
 You know me, Henry.
 That's what I mean.
 Can you keep your mouth shut?
 Scout on!
 Well, look.
 I'll tell you this and no more.
 Did you know Steve Armstrong is out of school?
 Sure.
 The lucky dog graduated.
 Well did you also know Tommy Dixon moved to Abbott City?
 Yeah.
 And did you know Willie Marshall?
 Plant history and it's ineligible.
 Can we hear the new short stop?
 The Homer stop putting words into my mouth.
 I had a few of those white books.
 Yeah, I was just about to hear it.
 Come on, come on.
 - Henry! Henry, wait for me!
 - Kathleen, what are you doing on the bowl field
 in civilian clothes?
 - Henry, Toby Smith, just tell me you were all set for shortstop.
 - Well, she was. Toby told you that?
 - Yeah.
 - Well, gee, who is?
 - That just shows how people twist innocent little statements around.
 All I said to Toby was that when he takes the official pictures of the team,
 I'd like an enlargement of shortstop to give them to my mother on her birthday.
 Oh, then it is true.
 Well, all I can tell you, Kathleen, is that at the end of the season, I may have a little
 something for your charm bracelet.
 My charm bracelet?
 And it isn't gold, is it?
 Well, I had my thing.
 And love?
 Well, I...
 And you're giving me your gold bar sitting face for...
 And now, Kathleen, I didn't mention anything specifically.
 Okay, well, you wouldn't be able to go over here.
 Oh, boy, that's Coach Nelson.
 I have to go now, Kathleen.
 - I'm gonna get my car, can you?
 - I'm gonna get you, wait for me!
 - All right, were you calling on, coach?
 - Yes, get out there, sure.
 I'm gonna hit some grounders for feeling practice.
 - Sure thing, coach.
 - Now, that's where the old pepper boys come on.
 - I'm coming on, I'm coming on.
 - Let's go, guys, get me old pepper,
 the old pepper, old pepper, old boy, old boy, old boy!
 - Okay, here it comes, all right.
 - I got a little waterfall!
 - Oh, he's coming on!
 - He was where did it go?
 - He's playing your leg.
 - But did, how to get down there?
 Okay, fine again, over. Get down a little lower.
 Here come.
 I got it, Paul!
 No!
 He was, was that the ball that bounced over my head?
 Oh, which I didn't mean that low.
 Coach, are you sure those balls are perfectly round?
 No.
 What's the matter with you?
 Well, I don't want you to think I'm making excuses, Coach, but...
 You see this, Glove.
 What's wrong with it?
 I'm glad you asked.
 She was my father used it to rip barbed wire off the backyard fence.
 I see.
 But I'm planning on taking it to the shoemakers right after we're through.
 And maybe you better do it now.
 You're excused with the rest of practice.
 Okay everybody, over the sliding fence.
 Thanks, coach, and you'll see a big difference tomorrow.
 Hi!
 She was Agman.
 Why can't I not claw out of you?
 I might claw out of your shed.
 Agnes, quit!
 That's my throwing hand.
 Say you won't be getting too gall-based, Bob, will you?
 Well, she was.
 Did Kathleen tell you about that?
 No, Margot Hammersmith.
 Well, how could she? I don't even know her.
 Sure, but she poncied our job,
 and Lubble poncied our Kathleen.
 Boy, where's Kathleen now?
 So we're being pumped by Nancy Adams.
 So we're saving you to get a good old baseball,
 you won't forget your old power, Agnes Lee.
 Well, listen Agnes, I'll thank you not to go counting any chickens.
 But when did I do that?
 You know, darn well, the next thing you know,
 it'll be all over school, and there I'll be making a fool of myself.
 Listen, kid, you don't have to worry about me.
 I can keep a secret as well as the next dog.
 Sweet John, wait a minute!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Good morning, Mr. Bradley.
 Oh, yes.
 Come in, Mr. Nelson.
 You wanted the scene, Ian?
 Yes, I did, Mr. Bradley.
 If it's about new equipment for your baseball team,
 Mr. Nelson, I must warn you that the entire school is
 on a very strict budget this year.
 Budget?
 But Mr. Bradley, the number of broken bats we had last year
 when balanced against the results achieved
 was quite often proportion.
 Quite often proportion.
 Well, I'm aware of that, Mr. Bradley,
 and that isn't the reason I'm here.
 It's about Willie Marshall.
 Willie?
 Yes.
 We've been practicing for nearly a week now,
 and well, couldn't you ask Ms. Eggleston
 to let him take a makeup exam?
 Well, no, I'm not sure I could do a thing like that,
 Mr. Nelson.
 Mr. Bradley, he's our best shortstop.
 We're not here to play baseball, Mr. Nelson.
 The boy is expected to have scholastic standing.
 I know then that one thing really seems to have very little love.
 Oh, well, hey, but our first game is this coming Friday.
 And if I can't get Willie, I'll have to use Henry Orrich at shortstop.
 Henry? Yes. At shortstop? Yes.
 I'm, uh... He's five-starred enough, but he just isn't up to it.
 So if you could put a little pressure on Miss Eggleston,
 uh, Mr. Nelson, I am afraid. This is a matter for Miss Eggleston to decide for herself.
 Oh, well, I tried. I'd better get back to my chemistry class.
 chemistry class yes you better I hope it's still there when I left Homer Brown was
 trying to make synthetic rock over hurry mr. Nelson and would you ask
 this shade to step in here please Mr. Bradley would like to see you yes
 it's rather would you say to know to me take a step and say I'd like to see her
 when she's free yes mr. Bradley tell her it's about that series of slides on the
 wall of 1812 she's been asking for but mr. Bradley I thought you decided we
 couldn't afford though I know mr. but it certainly won't hurt to discuss the matter
 Well, good morning, Mr. Albers. Good morning, your head's a...
 Has that new golf bag I wanted to ride? Why, no, Mr. Albers.
 I told you it probably wouldn't be until the end of the month.
 That's right, you're dead. I'll call you when I arrive.
 Good. Good.
 Say, as long as I'm here, what have you in the way of baseball gloves?
 baseball glove?
 I'm not even a market for one yet, you understand, but it can't hurt the price what you have.
 So the glove you have in mind isn't stock right now.
 The one made especially for short stock.
 Short stock?
 Yes, isn't that position Henry plays on the team?
 Yes.
 That is, no.
 That is, how did you, well, you see when, not at all, sure, yes.
 No?
 Well, I heard from a number of people that he's all set.
 You had?
 Yes, as a matter of fact, I was discussing it just yesterday with Walter Trumbull.
 And he lives at Mrs. Tonkins, you know.
 So what is that to do?
 Tomkins brothers generally down at the school so it's right from the horse's mouth you might say
 Well, is that cool? Yes
 Well, I'll tell you as long as I'm here. I might as well get that blob after all. I'll have to order from Chicago
 You have it in a week a week, but the first game is Friday
 Call Chicago and tell them to rush it out air mail with mr. All Richard will call out
 Pay the additional charges. We can't have the first drink short stop playing in a ripped glove
 Come in
 I'm going to see me.
 Oh, yes, Henry.
 Come here.
 Thanks, Coach.
 Did I mention all your worries are over?
 They are.
 Sure.
 Boy, I'm getting a glove that's so foolproof.
 They practically refund your money
 if you make a narrow with it.
 Fine, Henry.
 Fine.
 Henry, the reason I called you in.
 Yes, Coach?
 The reason I called you in.
 Henry, you know what I admire about you most?
 What, Coach?
 Your spirit.
 Yes, sir.
 Coming out for the team year after year.
 Never getting discouraged.
 You know what that proves to me?
 Why?
 But you realize that isn't only the man in the pictures, mounters, important.
 Oh, gee, Lee, sure, the shortstop's pretty important, too.
 Of course, but the man behind the scenes is sometimes just as valuable.
 He is?
 That's why I feel I can give you a job like this.
 Because you'll realize that tutoring Willie is as important as being out there on the field yourself.
 Why?
 Henry, Ms. Eggleston has agreed to give Willie a make-up exam tomorrow.
 But Coach, I...
 So what do you say, Henry?
 I know you can help him.
 You've got the highest marks in the class on that exam.
 Why
 Could I sort of get something straighten out in my mind first sure Henry well if will he passes he'll play shortstop in the game tomorrow
 Won't he why yes, but you'll be the one who made it possible. Oh
 So Henry, would you do it?
 Why
 Sure Henry, I'd like to shake your hand sure coach. Hey, shake. Yes, sir
 You've really got the kind of spirit I admire.
 She was. That's okay, cuz.
 I'm always glad to do what I can for the team.
 [music]
 Oh!
 The Big Red Letter stands for the Yellow Family.
 Oh! The Big Red Letter stands for the Yellow Family.
 That's Yellow.
 Yum, yum, yum.
 Yellow.
 What a jump, yum, yum.
 Yes, there are desserts for everybody's family and the jello family of yum yum desserts,
 like those swell jello tapioca puddings, a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed, and
 jello tapioca puddings are ready prepared.
 All you do is add milk and cook for about five minutes.
 There's jello vanilla tapioca, luscious light and mellow, jello chocolate tapioca rich and
 candy good.
 orange coconut tapioca tangy orange blended with tropical coconut and you
 know that name jello is a trademark it's the property of general foods and it
 tells you you're getting a genuine jello product and remember more people by
 jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry has been so confident he was going to make short stop on the baseball team
 that he spread the rumor all over school.
 Then Coach Nelson asked him to help Willie Marshall
 ask him to make up his Sam which would enable Willie to play short stop.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room. It is after dinner.
 Mother his father very upset.
 You know there he just got a walk in the fresh air might do in good.
 But in the future, Henry, when you have news like that,
 to tell him why not wait until after dinner.
 Hey, hey, my dear, when it comes,
 I put a bowl of fruit in the living room.
 Hi, Harold, Henry.
 Here I brought something to cheer you up.
 What is it?
 Bubble gum.
 I made it in chemistry.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And you're not really going to go through with helping, really, are you?
 Oh, I promised to be cold.
 You'll be cutting your own throat.
 I know besides Willie's too dumb to teach anything to.
 Well, it's you.
 You dumb, Homer, have you ever tried to do business with him?
 I know, Henry. I know. But when it comes to history, he comes apart at the scenes.
 She was the only thing the Sega fans ever been able to make him understand is the Louisiana purchase.
 That's true. And she's a professional.
 That's okay.
 Homer, you're right. If it would...
 Moza would do Willie any good, I'd be glad to make the sacrifice.
 Hey, Henry!
 Here he is. And tell him you're not gonna do it.
 Hiya, fellas.
 Well, here I am, Hannah. Uh, uh, look, Willie.
 Boy, I sure appreciate what you're doing for me, Henry.
 - Oh, but-- - Willie, I've been thinking
 the whole thing over and I've decided,
 well, it isn't that you're hopeless, you understand?
 - I'm sorry, please answer the phone.
 - When I'm just about to break the news to Willie.
 - What's with about what, Henry?
 - See if please answer it, I'm busy.
 - Henry, wait here, Willie.
 - What am I hope with about Homer?
 - You're fine, now, please.
 - Hello?
 - I am. This is Toby Smith.
 - Hi.
 - Do you have a picture of yourself with a school paper?
 - Of me?
 We're gonna run a story on how you're sacrificing your skill for the good of the school
 Well Toby about that boy a lot of kids in the school have changed their entire conception of your character
 They have but so bring a picture to school tomorrow, will you so long, man?
 But Toby oh boy
 Is it alright to let willy have an apple considering you're throwing him out in a few minutes?
 Oh, I can throw him out now. I've got to try to help him pass
 Are you crazy?
 Or if I don't, I won't be able to show my face around the school again.
 But if you do, you will play short-stop.
 I know Homer, that's the spot I'm in.
 Willy!
 You're calling me Henry?
 You're gonna tell me why I'm not hopeful?
 Willy, forget about that.
 Where's your book? We've got to start studying.
 Here it is.
 Willy, what did you have the most trouble with her in the exam?
 The date.
 When her number's not in dollars and cents, I just can't keep it in my head.
 The better one will probably ask me all about date.
 Well, let's start with the date then.
 When was the Constitution put into force?
 The Constitution?
 Yeah.
 You want the day and the month of just the year?
 The year, Willie, the year.
 Oh, let's see now.
 Well, then 1776, I know that.
 That was the fourth of July.
 (Laughter)
 Willie, are you good?
 Is that so?
 I can name a president on every piece of money we've got.
 Can you?
 Willie, I've got to get you to remember.
 Look, the Constitution was signed in 1789, but don't think of it as 1789.
 Just think of it as $17.89.
 Yeah? Sure. I like you while buying a jacket, see?
 Oh. What kind of a jacket?
 We need one fine.
 For the war caught in the law.
 What difference does that mean?
 Listen, hold on, I'm not paying $18.99 for a jacket. I don't know anything about it.
 [audience laughter]
 Oh, Willie.
 Oh, it will work.
 Willie, forget about the jacket and see if you can remember this.
 The Constitution, it was signed in 1789.
 Say that wrong.
 Sure. Now, when was the Constitution signed?
 The Constitution, it was signed in 1789.
 Hey, give me another and give me another.
 (music)
 William, now, show you may come in now.
 Well, thank you, Ms. Eglison.
 I don't want to rush you, but did I mention the game starts from half an hour?
 I'm aware that, William.
 Now, let's get right to the exam, shall we?
 Yes, Ms. Eglison.
 And I want to pray.
 I certainly enjoyed those slides you showed the class today.
 You did?
 Sure.
 Boy, I saw the whole war of 1812 in a different life.
 That's fine.
 Now, let's start.
 We'll take the exam early sort of word of mouth. Yes
 First question. What were the four phases of the revolution?
 For patients? Yes
 I know data your weak point so I decided to make the exam more general
 Jefferson went to Washington in 1801.
 (audience laughing)
 From that being one of the places, it could not.
 One of the, who's our first tariff bill to pass the Senate?
 Who, not one?
 You don't know that either.
 - Ms. Eggleston, it doesn't rhyme with anything.
 - Take your pardon.
 Well, I mean, is that the one that $17.99 says?
 (audience laughing)
 (music)
 Well, in the at least if you're a substitute, you can see the games for nothing.
 He was, what's so special about that? I mean, boy, have you ever sat on that bench, Homer?
 Hello. The sun's beating down on you all the time, you get sunburned.
 It's a hundred times more comfortable in the grandstand.
 Yeah, besides your right out in public view where everybody can can listen home.
 Or if I'd rather be a spectator, why should you worry?
 Oh, there you are, Henry.
 Hello, Father.
 Henry, you're a new club. Just arrived there, express. You might as well have it.
 But, Mr. All, the kid was turning in his uniform.
 Oh? Oh, I see.
 Oh, would you mind leaving for a moment?
 Leaving?
 I'd like to say something to Henry.
 When you feel it's none of my business?
 I do.
 Sure. I'll save the seat for you in the grandstand.
 Henry, may I ask why you are turning in your uniform?
 Well, since Willie's going to play short-sidy,
 so if you can't beat top man, you're going to take your ball and go home.
 What?
 Henry, don't you know it's harder to fail than to win.
 See, I've never had any trouble.
 I've never had any trouble.
 Henry, in later life, willy may have his letter for baseball, but you'll have the respect of the community.
 And that's much more important.
 It is?
 Oh, it's where you've been. Why aren't you beautiful?
 Why, I'm about to put it on.
 Well, hurry, you're starting a short stop.
 But then what?
 Willy Marshall didn't answer a single question correctly.
 Everybody couldn't have failed. I told him everything I know.
 Well, he did. Ms. Eggleston said he kept yelling, "It doesn't rhyme. It doesn't rhyme."
 I can't play.
 What, Pedro?
 Do you realize the whole school think I let Willie Flunk on purpose?
 Henry, you're the only shortstop we've got left.
 I'm the co-founder.
 And he's not arguing and get out there and play.
 When father, I'll lose the respect of the community.
 Edward, get out there and play.
 Boy.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 It's that head with your own, which means you know that a head.
 Is that nice?
 Right.
 This is all that you saw after the Marine Training
 and we're only meeting by one run.
 Oh, we've got one out.
 Oh, my wheel, where's the--
 Well, Sam, I think it was very nice of the coast
 of that Henry play right out there in the middle
 of the whole field.
 Alice, that's where the short stop usually plays.
 Oh, well, I think he's doing beautifully so far.
 Sure.
 It hasn't been a ball hit to a more old game.
 I still don't understand why all the young people
 every time he comes up to back.
 Alex, it's a little hard to explain.
 [SCREAMING]
 Oh, well, oh, well, George Bigeler just walked another ridge hill, man.
 Now there are two arms.
 But we're still ahead.
 But there have these slugs coming up, and if those two run the score, we'll lose.
 Strike them out, George! Strike them out!
 We couldn't hit the side of a barn door!
 [SCREAMING]
 Oh, oh!
 It's going right ahead, right!
 Ted, break it out of the way!
 - Hey!
 (crowd cheering)
 - What happened?
 - What happened?
 - Oh, no!
 - What happened?
 What happened?
 What happened?
 Down in front?
 - Down in front!
 - Down in front!
 Down in front!
 (crowd cheering)
 - Henry, would you like another cold cloth for your head?
 (crowd laughing)
 - No thanks, mother.
 Now that we're home in excitement's all over the world,
 somebody please explain clearly.
 Once and for all, what happened?
 - How did you saw it yourself?
 Henry saved the game.
 - I know he did, but how?
 - All I remember, Mother, is that the ball
 started to come light at me, see?
 And when I went down the field, the lights went out.
 (audience laughing)
 - The ball hit you in the head, I know that.
 It's what happened afterwards, I'm confused about.
 - How did it simple?
 When Henry's head the ball bounced straight over to the second base, but he threw at the first for the double play.
 [audience laughter]
 Oh my goodness, I should think there'd be an easier way to make a double play.
 [audience laughter]
 There he is, Alice.
 Mother, when can I get out of bed in a few days here?
 But Dr. Bennington doesn't think you should try to play any more this season.
 Anyway, not until the buzzing goes away.
 Oh, but the buzzing doesn't bother me, Mother.
 No, no, it's not a has a little town to it
 Is but try to be quiet
 Can we we told all the kids home a segulls and double costume and they asked me to give you their official Apollo no
 Kidding they forgive me sure they're even sending you flowers. No kidding. We'll he's over at the end of taking Paula right now
 [Music]
 On the afternoon, the kids are central high and here's some flowers.
 You've got to go to the small guy of the year.
 Well, Gee, Liz, Willie, Gee, Frank.
 And Henry, I'd like to make a deal with you.
 The undertaker says these strawflowers are everlasting.
 The strawflowers are?
 Yeah, so could I borrow them back to give to Miss Agleston for Easter?
 [laughter]
 What a man, Willie.
 But here's my special tip for Easter.
 A surprise dessert for the kids made with jello tapioca pudding.
 Just prepare one package of luscious, light and creamy,
 jello vanilla tapioca as usual.
 When chilled, serve it in your best sherbet glasses,
 all dressed up with a garnish of bright-colored jelly beans.
 And then top of the sprinkling of baker's coconut,
 tinted pink, green, and yellow for a special Easter day flourish.
 Try all three, jello tapioca puddings,
 jello chocolate, vanilla, and orange coconut tapioca.
 They're ready prepared.
 All you do is add milk and cook for about five minutes.
 Jello tapioca puddings, three delicious new reasons
 Why, more people buy jello puddings than any other prepared puddings in the world.
 I'm hoping you'll be in your living room an hour's next week at the same time. Good night, folks.
 The Aldrich family starring out at the Stauner's Henry was Jackie Delgis Homer,
 is written by Norman Tokar and Ed Joris from Music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich, our house, Jamison, and Capron Ross.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying,
 "The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 (audience laughing)
 ♪ Oh, the big red letter stand for the Jell-O family ♪
 ♪ Oh, the big red letter stand for the Jell-O family ♪
 ♪ That's Jell-O, Union, Union, Jell-O, please, Union, Union, ♪
 ♪ Jell-O, Cap, the O'Doughfooting cancer ring ♪
 [applause]
 You, as you as a rhino climbing a flagpole,
 amazingly only one of its kind.
 That's minute rice, minute rice for magically quick, quick meals.
 Here's delicious white fluffy rice that you don't have to wash, rinse, drain, or steam.
 It's even quicker to fix than potatoes.
 For all you do is drop minute rice in water and bring to a boil.
 Minute rice can be the mainstay for all sorts of delicious, quick, quick meals.
 Try it.
 Try it. Remember the word minute.
 Minute writes in the red, white and blue box.
 My goodness, look at Bill Goodwin.
 He's brown knickers in the beanie.
 Gracie, you're looking at Henry Olrich.
 This is the Olrich family, folks.
 Sure, Gracie. I'm on unit program.
 Burns and Allen.
 Next on NBC.
 [Music]
