 Hey gang, you got a minute? Good. I want you to hear the story that came to us in this week's surprise package. It seems as well known living room. Listen.
 Mary! Mary! Now Henry. Uh, Elizabeth, say I'm I'll take care of you. I'll take care of you just as soon as I have one more hands free.
 In the meantime, let's all try to do a few things for ourselves.
 I'm not a line, I'll fix my head to myself.
 Mother, could you speak to Mary, please?
 And tell her to hurry.
 Henry, I'm tying your tie just as fast as I can.
 Mother, it is if you aren't complaining about
 considering that this bow tie is a perfect stranger to you,
 you're doing fine.
 It's Mary.
 Mary!
 Mary, I'm scraping that tuxedo, Dr. St.
 as she can.
 Now please stop showing.
 Put another recording to my watch at 720 already.
 7, my name is in as early as I am.
 early father she was I should probably be walking through the door of Kathleen's
 house right now well I could have been getting to go and then there's no and
 I hardly started I said there's a man how do I look
 Sam look at him I had me some man and I realize that technically the
 drama causes are evening clothes so no the dance committee look at it in the
 same life that's just that that's just it Mary's holding up my pants she's
 expressing with such seat over probably doing the best you can
 I'll just my turn now now do you know how annoyed you get when I'm not ready
 don't you want me to look my best yes I'm come here father you speaking before
 the businessman's club again business man's club I should say not
 it's more important than anything like how do we let's say good as come about
 chambers of something whole still that's a specific I'm speaking before the state
 I just want to say those poments on the pond and really stay lost.
 Dear, how can I fix your time to keep teaching me my time?
 I'm just putting my speech on my inside pocket. I don't want to leave that behind.
 Mary, have you finished my truck seat? Oh, no, I'm trying to tell you.
 You're going to. You want to tell her? Or the country club?
 What's that got to do with my pants?
 Well, my dinner's going to the country club. I won't have to worry about your child who's looking a little informal.
 She was married. Not you realize I haven't even tried them on yet.
 Henry, you mean whether that's Tuxedo without sitting at first?
 Well, how crime? I didn't find out.
 Father was using my Tuxedo until the day of her new.
 I'll adjust you though.
 Henry, go to your room and try those powders on at once.
 He asked mother, I'd be glad. Mother, what should I do with Henry's job?
 Lay it out carefully on the bake here and finish their thing if you want to be ready in time to go with your father.
 Yes, and I certainly wish any would get so I felt
 Then just look at you. Yeah, you're talking about it. You're putting the best all wrong
 Oh, how did I do that?
 You're linking your coat, take it off and do your best right.
 My opinion was gonna jacket should have been included in the emancipation confirmation.
 Don't hang it on the chair, they put it on the bed where I won't get much.
 Mother, is this concert properly well about to the touch seat out?
 There is no. Then I'll just let out my suspenders a little.
 This is a heartbeat of this.
 Then it's all its fits alright.
 It's just that if my best for shorter
 and my pants longer would be more equalized.
 Mary, would you ask for the phone, please?
 - Just in the phone.
 - No, no, no.
 Just put your robe on Mary, you're all busy in here.
 - And there you go, that looks like
 thanks to the Know-to-Go-Back market.
 - Miss, no, Gee, was these are my tickets to the dance.
 - You know, we should find a favorite place,
 Father, dear, you should have lived in there.
 - Henry, it's Homer.
 - Homer, thank you, Mary.
 And Mary, would you put these tickets in the inside pocket of my jacket while you're walking in that direction?
 My goodness, how are you?
 What am I?
 You're mad, too, you think?
 And thank you, Mary.
 Hello, homie.
 Hi, Henry.
 Now, look, before you say a single word, remember, it's my car.
 We're growing.
 I've got half a line not to go anywhere.
 What are you talking about, homie?
 You mean an unmasked man?
 Man?
 What am I going to be mad about?
 Well, I'm glad to see that you're looking at this intelligently.
 Sure.
 I know that.
 We'll have lean feel that way too.
 Feel now.
 From the last time I was late picking the Agnes up for revenge, she stepped on my feet
 all evening just to get even.
 Great.
 Wait, while you're crazy, it's only 7.30.
 You are the one who's crazy and recently half past eight.
 What?
 Do you mean my watch has stopped?
 Listen, Homer, what's the big idea?
 I'll pick you up.
 I'll pick you up.
 We can't waste the time.
 I'm going to get Kathleen's in three minutes.
 Three minutes.
 It takes me long to imagine if my father's car started.
 - Stop running. - Well, my thing's, why my thing's...
 - Don't stop me, Mother. I'm late. - Henry, stop running.
 - Henry, stop running. - Henry, stop running.
 - Henry, what's the matter? - Don't stop me, Mother. I'm late.
 - Henry, stop pushing me around. My hair's falling down.
 - Here's my jacket. Here's my jacket. - Mary, get Henry's jacket.
 - Don't give him your pocket, Mary. - Fine.
 - No, I'll do it. - Thank you, Mother. Thank you, Father.
 - Henry, you're forgetting a jacket? - Oh, she was. Thank you, Mary.
 - You got it, everybody. I'll put this on in my way now.
 - Henry, look after the news, walk in the hall.
 He found this. - Henry!
 The boy!
 Well, he's gone.
 Thank goodness!
 Now we can concentrate on ourselves for the rest of the evening.
 You mean she's gone, Mrs. Anderson?
 I'm appreciate her, Henry.
 Charlie Clark's that guy.
 He's happened to know you're starting to go along with him.
 Is that right? With Charlie Clark?
 Can I... I've got her tickets.
 Well, I'm Mr. Family at Home's tickets.
 Did you get to the two of you? You're yours.
 Oh boy, where's that Homer?
 Henry, isn't there a jacket? It's like a large, aren't you?
 Large, Mr. Anderson, the large.
 That's the latest style.
 It is? Yes, me.
 Each part fits a little different.
 Yeah.
 That's it. It's supposed to make you look casual.
 Well, you do look casual.
 I'll say that's not so that must be Homer now. Good night, mrs. Anderson
 No, don't bring that we hope you like my name. I want this is Anderson
 Gee whiz Homer what took you so long? I had a push my father's car from my house to main Street before I would start
 As I was mad she isn't even here. Don't know she went home, but she's got my ticket
 She and Kathleen left already with Charlie Clark. Come on. Oh, listen. Hey, who are you pushing?
 But we've got to get there before it's too late.
 Don't you realize Charlie Clark's the best dancer in the school?
 [CHEERING]
 Now, Sam, don't rush me.
 If it hadn't been for you and Henry, I'd have been good in 20
 at times.
 Alex, this is probably going to be one of the most important
 speeches of my career.
 I don't want to be late.
 We wrote the late, Sam.
 Your speech isn't scheduled until 1030.
 Now calm down.
 Mother, I'm already in the mirror with me, dear.
 Sam, you're putting it over, 'cause I'm over your desk.
 You don't even have your jacket on.
 Well, when did I say hi, Jack at all?
 I'm excited, you are?
 I'm not excited.
 Where is my clothes?
 I'm in, Father.
 Oh, yes.
 Oh, goodness, I've forgotten how lovely this round there with gown walls.
 The shame is wasted on just a speech.
 How do you mean that?
 Mary, I thought you wanted to hear your father make your speech.
 Oh, it's because I had a fight with Joe Graham and both my gate with him.
 I'm gonna start in here for a little speech practically analyzed.
 Are you about getting raped since an hour ago?
 No, no, be silly.
 Oh, if jacket seems to fit me tighter, it is tighter.
 I'll ask if it's Henry's jacket.
 What?
 Is it Henry's jacket?
 Is it Henry's jacket?
 Is it Henry's jacket?
 Here are his tickets in the inside pocket.
 Well, it's not really serious at all, most things.
 You're still quite with the button open, that's all.
 Alice, you realize my speech is in the other jacket.
 I've been a whole week, but there is.
 There you go.
 Who am I going to the country for?
 Divine Henry.
 Stay in Kentucky.
 But just get yourself all excited,
 and I won't have you getting up in front of all those people with your tasteline.
 But I...
 Now, Sam, there isn't any reason in the world why Mary couldn't go just as easily as you could.
 I love her!
 Thank you.
 Your father and I will drive on down to the mansion.
 How far you find him.
 And hurry, Mary, and give these tickets to Henry.
 Yes, Father.
 And don't come back without the speech.
 My entire reputation is at stake.
 [Music]
 Homer, can't you go any faster?
 Listen, Henry, we're getting there, and we know, but it's almost 9.30 already.
 I've got to take it easy.
 My father told me to do something to the car before we left, and I forgot what it was.
 You forgot, suppose it was important we're still moving, Ernie.
 You rushed me so I was lucky I didn't forget more.
 She was one healthy up in the first place.
 Well after my mother and father left for that darn dinner at the mansion house, I couldn't find my black socks anywhere.
 You mean you're wearing colored socks with your tuxedo?
 You think I'm a fool, Henry?
 I took a great hair down to the clothing and dyed them.
 [audience laughter]
 Oh, Mark. Oh, we're stopped pulling around.
 You can't mean it. There's something wrong with the car.
 I'm going to call, do something, call the chow, the chow, the flower, some protein there.
 Homer, what did you call?
 The grate.
 What did you call his room?
 I call him a lump.
 It was a gas gauge, it's empty.
 You suppose that's what my father wanted me to do?
 Oh boy, are we in a fix?
 The nearest gas station is nearly two miles away.
 Why bother about that?
 Why not get a hit?
 You mean leave the car near you?
 Sure, he'd want to steal this car anyway.
 Well, if it's alright with you, old boy, I hate to think about adding something to my new shoes when I get there.
 How do you think I feel? Don't you realize, Charlie Clark's been after Kathleen for years?
 And now he's finally got his hands on?
 Can the hiccums across? Let's get out in the road, Homer, so we'll be sure and see it.
 Pinch, mister! Look out in the other, the good girl in the new house.
 Pinch!
 You stopping, Homer!
 Fire, Homer!
 Oh, gee, what is it, Homer? It's really partial!
 Boy, will you like a boat through the glute?
 I was brought up a van too?
 Is that where you're headed?
 Will it sure?
 Then you can ride us over.
 Sure.
 Get in, Homer.
 You're about 25 cents a peak.
 What?
 Boy, are you a crock, Willy?
 I mean, it actually charged friends of yours 25 cents.
 Or if you were friends, it would be 10 cents more.
 I'll bet you're attitude, Willy.
 Never mind.
 Homer, we've got no choice.
 Get in.
 All I can say is, Willy, this makes you practically
 a scavenger.
 Well, I've got to make a living.
 50 cents please.
 (music)
 (music)
 That's a sad try, not so sad, my dinner.
 Oh gee, what's happening is I've never got you in a lot of bad habits.
 You got a sad try, I'd rather dance than listen to this time if you don't mind.
 - Yes, though.
 You just had a lesson in some of our latest stuff there is.
 That Aldrich has only one step, a one step.
 (laughing)
 - He's got trouble.
 Well, my goodness, Henry Street made you a little odd
 for the kind of dancing you do, but he wants it signed.
 - Walt, that's what I mean.
 He's pretty historic.
 - That's what he means.
 That's what he means.
 - No, Aldrich, there's your brother.
 - He means he is.
 - No, you know, I'm currently invited to the dance.
 We have you been shown up yet.
 - You want to worry girls.
 I can manage the bull's doesn't he?
 Oh, but this is all because he's got the seats.
 Is that what Henry is making a seat?
 He took the jacket with my father's seats.
 And he's very upset.
 Henry, no, my father.
 He doesn't even have his tickets.
 Your father?
 No, Henry.
 What is the business on?
 Well, if I know Henry, he probably wound up with that other form of dance at the town hall.
 Oh, I couldn't do things out here.
 I did hear someone mention the town hall.
 Well, I've got a rush right over.
 And, Terri, let me hear in 10 minutes.
 I'll never talk to him again.
 [Music]
 Well, we're just about there.
 He was really looking out.
 Boy.
 Sunday driver.
 Well, he released his commute for 25 cents to get us there in 1P.
 That's all right. He was a country club now.
 I'm not a bad dog!
 Everybody out!
 I'm shoving you!
 Who I'm getting now!
 You think I want to get in at least one van?
 It's not a great for me! If we did, you'd probably charge us for it!
 We'll be away, or we'll eat!
 Biggest please! I have to get no one that's better without a ticket!
 Can I have your ticket, gentlemen?
 Yes, sir! Got them right here in my inside pocket!
 Excuse me, Mr. But would you know any nice quiet spot inside?
 Well, I could take my girl and sort of explain things to you!
 Sorry, we don't allow anything like that at our dance, as young man.
 I don't think you understand.
 Well, do you, is it that isn't the strangest thing?
 Can't you find your tickets?
 Well, I'll find them. I'll find them.
 You better, buddy. You don't find them. They don't get in.
 Now, listen, you may stop fooling around.
 I'm not fooling, Robert.
 The only thing I can find in my pockets are these darn papers.
 So, I'm trying to at least wait until I park the car.
 Homer, did you find them in the room?
 Or do you realize what these papers are?
 I want to a walk. My father speaks my father speaks somewhere in my father's speech instead of our speaker.
 Y'all?
 [audience laughter]
 Number one bet on me either, Henry.
 [audience laughter]
 Not at all. I don't know, but if my father doesn't get his speech back, there's no telling you all happen.
 What's up, fellas?
 Willie, Willie, how would you like to do me a favor?
 It's all the best.
 Ten, you think you could afford?
 Willie, would you be willing to drive back and return the speech to my father and get high-tech?
 Well, that'd be an expensive proposition, Henry.
 Remember, we're steady customers, Willie.
 How expensive.
 I'ma put you back.
 Oh, no, Willie.
 How much?
 I'll figure on the way I'm carrying the car,
 plus gas and oil, of course, and blowing in my nothing
 half a day.
 I don't see how I can afford to do it for less than $2.
 $2?
 $2?
 Boy, you was crooked, Willie.
 That's it.
 Take it away.
 But $4, I mean, that was $2.
 Does that include the dolly only?
 I mean, that's a operating expense.
 what operating expenses
 have you ever seen a agency?
 [laughter]
 well, tell my father it would bancen me two dollars when you deliver the speech
 that would be 10 friends faster
 listen, will you can afford to throw that in for nothing
 ok, let me have it, I'll talk it up to good will
 here, and be sure my father gets this speech really
 neither rain nor fleek nor bloom of money
 never mind, will you ever mind just how old that's like
 if you're using it all, will you get the mansion now
 I'm not warning you, Sam. I'll roll off my run.
 You still don't have any tickets, hear me?
 Do we have to wait on your award comes?
 I don't think Agnes will hold out that line.
 I'm just as anxious as you are, Homer.
 Hi, Oliver. My eye should.
 You don't have two extra tickets, do you, Shorty?
 Hi. I just want to get my girl a start.
 Say, Oliver, should you and Kathleen have a fight?
 No, Julie, whenever you give me that idea.
 Oh, nothing except she and Charlie Clark have been awful.
 Chummy, darling. Oh, ladies.
 Well, see you later, old boy.
 Homer, we've got to get into that dance somehow.
 Look around.
 Homer, don't you realize Kathleen is in there with Charlie
 Clark dancing our head off?
 In a mission time and time to hear from two surprise vocalists,
 Loria de Haven and Frank Sinatra. Loria, you're on.
 [Music]
 And when I try to
 I love the new art
 They didn't believe me
 They didn't believe me
 You're in your eye, you're clearly dead
 I'm in a place beyond the contrary
 You're the hand you see
 I'm going to be
 I'm gonna tell you
 I'm on the road
 I'm going to tell you
 You lost the day of you
 You'll never be here
 I'll never be here
 That's the only thing you'll ever be
 I'll never be here
 I'm on top of the line before the night
 That you're the star
 That you're the star that you are the star
 I'm not gonna be
 I'm not gonna be
 I'm not gonna be
 ♪ The face of the wind ♪
 ♪ All the time you do ♪
 ♪ Do you do ♪
 ♪ Do you do ♪
 (audience applauding)
 [Applause]
 It never argues with your heart
 It isn't smart, it isn't sound
 Slobs don't know from seasons
 Logic, dry, and losing
 Love can be found in every form
 Love gets around
 In short, it has happened to a ticket in a ticket.
 It has happened on a street call and a bus.
 They have given me a dinner at a company to a funeral.
 While a stranger happens to a funeral.
 To a mama, a mama, a mama.
 He who are brothers in you and you have a good life.
 Since sin happens to the substance, it no longer is a substance.
 Why is this that happens to you all?
 It seems to me that there is no body happening to you.
 I'm right, and I'm the other.
 So, you go, oh, you go, that's all you find in the geeze, yes, I'm tangy. All six, you, it has happened to a kiddo at the dinner. For the main moto and a giant in just a little.
 I want the steps for you, I'm sure you'll be too busy, why didn't it happen to you all?
 Oh, why shouldn't it happen to you all?
 There's no last chance you want, my friend.
 The moon is always in fashion, head away.
 So do you think you're going to be?
 Hey, it's Vixenbaum, happy day.
 A battle-buddling, the speeder.
 Yes, and very good.
 All three adults, all with little good money,
 starry, with matters.
 And the armadillos, the magic superfly.
 Why should I use to find the phone from all you do?
 Why shouldn't it happen to you all?
 I'll help you to please say that again dear
 Why shouldn't it happen to you all?
 Why should it happen to you all?
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Alders.
 Henry has inadvertently switched dinner jackets with his father,
 leaving his tickets to the dance in this jacket and taking a prepared speech of Mr. Alberts
 as long instead.
 So now Henry impatiently waits while Willie tries to return the speech and get the tickets.
 The scene opens at the mansion house.
 We're very shortly Mr. Alberts is scheduled to address the state's Hindu complex.
 Now, stand calm down.
 Calm down?
 How can I calm down?
 There are 3,000 people in there from all over the state.
 They're not even so eager.
 They're bound to finish some time and you realize the position I'll be yet if I'm called upon and I'm not prepared.
 Everything will work out fine. You're always done.
 Oh, Mr. Alberts.
 You made a time?
 That's the phone call for you. You can take it right over there.
 Oh, thank you.
 Sam, don't run. You'll call and ruin your whole evening.
 Alberts, call well bound to stall and as long as possible.
 Hello.
 Let me speak to Mr. Alberts, please.
 Mary, this is your father.
 It is?
 Oh, the what shall I do now?
 Do, do. Get here with that speech at once.
 Oh, tell my father, Henry, set the picture.
 He's what?
 This is the second that I've been at and I can't find him anyway.
 Have you looked carefully?
 Yes, Father. I've even had Joe Graham looking for it.
 Oh?
 And Joe Graham. He saw me in the bronze belt again and now there isn't anything he won't do to help.
 Joe, don't you realize I'm speaking of my own father?
 [laughter]
 Well, how are you now?
 I'm at the town hall.
 What are you doing there?
 Haven't you went to the country club?
 He wasn't there either until I keep on looking?
 Stop this town.
 [laughter]
 Never mind Mary I'll find him myself.
 You will take your pill to get started.
 I'll just tell him to keep stalling. Make excuses. Anything until I get back.
 Sam, you're getting flush.
 Alice, if I don't find Henry, I'll be flush for the rest of my life.
 Mr. All-Riz! Mr. All-Riz! Mr. All-Riz, you're at your home!
 Oh!
 Don't have to go to the mansion house for what I want to do for money
 Hey, if you think I'm gonna cram over that war in my touch seal your craze
 Oh, don't you realize what's happening?
 Kathleen's in there getting the wrong impression a Charlie Clark an Agnes homeless think of Agnes why?
 She's probably inside by at least ten surrounded by at least ten fellas all trying to cut you out
 In fellas around Agnes sure crazy
 Agnes ever had ten fellas or is when she refereed that basketball game
 Well, I'll boost you up to the top of the wall and then you helped me and once we get up there were sex
 It's that simple sure you'll put your foot in my hand. So okay ready ready
 The way
 Now help me grab my hand
 I am pulling. I'm almost there. A little bit more handling. Yeah. Oh boy.
 Was that rip in your touch-to-do when you put it on? No, and this is my father's touch-to-do.
 Well, there isn't anything that can't be fixed. All you need is an eagle and thread.
 Unless you look at it in a certain light, you'll never know the difference.
 You can sew home, I'm sure.
 Let's get down off this wall.
 Okay, jump home.
 Jump? Me?
 Come on, yes.
 You mean you're scared?
 Scared?
 What makes you think I'm scared?
 I'm going.
 Okay.
 Go ahead.
 Go brush me.
 One.
 Two.
 Three.
 Four.
 Five.
 Are you all right, Homer?
 I'm sure.
 She's with what was I worried about.
 I'm not jumping.
 Okay, you're right come
 Come on, let's get into the dance.
 Homer, we'll have to go your way. There's a head seat.
 There is. There's one on this side too.
 Hey, who's in there?
 Old boy, let's try straight ahead.
 You know, you know, these hedges are all around us.
 How old are you?
 Something stuck in here.
 I hear you in there.
 Homer, I'm for it.
 Where?
 Straight ahead.
 Oh, shit.
 Hey, these bushes are coming with glory.
 Oh, I'm stuck.
 Keep going Henry.
 Come out of there you.
 Homer, stop.
 Pushing!
 Oh, look at all of you!
 We have a man's jacket and a ring round!
 Well, Mr. Gotta plant I see.
 Yes, you're perfectly right. I've got a plant.
 That's why I'm changing this tire.
 You better have to happen out here in the edge of town
 where there's no service station.
 Say, er...
 Aren't you going to ruin that tuxedo working in the bike there?
 I'm being careful that coldie or it looks a little tight. I've got it opened in front. Look, I'm in a hurry
 So if you just stand back, I'll tighten these bolts. You're going to bend over. How else would I do it?
 Okay, go ahead. You're a few more. I'm gonna tighten these bolts.
 That one bolt rusty. I'm getting it. I'm getting it.
 What was that?
 You don't need to worry about it.
 That's court's open, both front and back.
 Henry, do you think it's safe to sneak into the dance, Carol?
 Let's make sure we finally lost that doorman.
 Do you see him?
 No.
 You're home. I'm going to get my father to sue the country club.
 No, please.
 Look at that jacket. Well, my father's saying even when Fred wants to fix that for if you're right, you know
 He's that more risk than Jack and also there you are
 Back here you go come on. We're talking to the lobby
 Click behind this
 Boy home when he ran my passport
 They're going to ask him when you're all doing trickling.
 He's finally got near.
 But carefully, much of his strength.
 No, I'm not in your heart of having fun.
 He takes me to a dark dark trickling.
 Is that this as mad as you are,
 Kathleen?
 No.
 Let's go home.
 That's right.
 That's right.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 I can't believe it.
 We're late.
 We've been waiting for our tickets to arrive.
 It's just us.
 I have it. You have.
 No, baby, you are a good baby.
 You mean they've been here on our noses all the time?
 - Hey, Drey. - Well, Jean, where is Father?
 Where did you come from?
 I'm Henry.
 It's between the inside pocket and that jacket.
 - Quick. - To the inside pocket?
 Yes.
 Sweet pony.
 Probably as I don't have an inside pocket anymore.
 Henry, what have you done to my genitals?
 Father, why have you done the line?
 - And my speech, what's happened to it? - You really didn't find me?
 What have you got to do with it?
 I gave away two dollars to deliver your speech to.
 But where's Littie?
 I am.
 You let me in.
 Mary Chase, Mr. All, read my speech.
 Here, if you ask me, I'm entitled, "All were taught."
 Give it to my father, Willie.
 Quick, don't you realize he's late already?
 And they're how can I make a speech, nothing the way I do.
 You mean it matters how you're looking for all of this?
 Well, certainly it does.
 This is a very important affair.
 I've got to get another jacket somewhere.
 Father, I know one we might get, but it'll be expensive.
 Never mind that.
 Just get it.
 Okay, father.
 Willie, would you be worrying to listen to me?
 Let me worry in the listen to an interesting proposition.
 (dramatic music)
 (audience applauding)
 Thanks a million to Henry Aldrich and family,
 and to Gloria de Haven and Frank Sinatra
 for coming along in this week's surprise practice.
 Well, we'll be seeing you again next week, gang,
 and we visit you through the Armed Forces Lady of
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
