 Henry! Henry, all great!
 Coming, brother!
 [Music]
 Thank Heaven, American boys eventually grow up.
 But no matter how important or how old they become,
 they always like to grow down the boyhood again,
 to recapture their teenage and the adventures of Henry Aldrich. The scene opens in the Aldrich
 front hall. It is Saturday morning. Well, I guess I'm just about all set, Homer. Gee, Henry. Gee, how'd you ever talk your folks into it? I didn't have to, Homer. After all, it's the most natural thing in the world to do. Boy, I bet this is the biggest day in your life since your first pair of long pants. Homer, Gee whiz. My mother and father just suddenly
 realize that I've reached the age of manhood.
 I wish I would.
 Yes, mother.
 You got your money?
 Sure, mother.
 Here I want you to tie it up in this handkerchief.
 Mother.
 Oh, Alice, stop worrying.
 You won't lose it.
 Sure.
 Gee whiz, didn't we all agree?
 I wasn't a kid anymore.
 That's right, son.
 Now, run along and use your own judgment about the whole thing.
 Thanks, Dad.
 And Homer, when we get down there, I don't want you saying anything.
 Nothing at all.
 If I ask for your opinion and even if he asked you home, but please don't interfere
 We want Henry to make his decision entirely on his own sure come on Homer. Let's go only Henry
 If you really can't decide be sure and phone me. I'll be okay mother
 Good luck, Henry. Yeah, you got the handkerchief. Yes, mother. Good boy, please be careful and Henry
 Alice let him go
 Sam we should never have let him do it now Alice and is perfectly capable of handling a thing like this by himself
 Well, maybe he is, but just the same...
 Why are you putting your coat on?
 Sam, I'm gonna say a good hundred yards behind him.
 Alice, you're going to do no such thing.
 [music]
 Well, here I am, everybody. How do you like me?
 Henry, oh, Henry, all of your balls, thanks.
 Oh, she wins. What's so terrible?
 Sam speak to him.
 I refuse to say a word to him until he takes that thing off his head.
 You mean you don't like the hat, Father?
 Well, after you told me I could choose my own.
 All he needs now is spats and a cane.
 Henry, I hardly know what to say to you.
 For mother's...
 My goodness, a straw hat!
 Dear, what on earth possessed you to buy a thing like that?
 Look, mother, it's a genuine West Indian straw worth $14.50.
 And on account of winter coming on, I got it for only $3.
 You could hug any of my friends, so I'm walking along under the ash.
 Mary, mother said I could pick it out myself.
 Oh, no, I didn't.
 Sam, you were the one who decided your son could choose his own clothes from now on.
 Alice, he's your son as much as he is mine.
 Look, look, let me sort of walk away from you, mother, so you can get a better perspective.
 What's that?
 The road trouble is everybody's just looking at it too closely.
 Pretend I'm walking down the street, see?
 Yes?
 Doesn't the hands begin to look better?
 Keep on walking, Henry.
 Sure, you see my point?
 There, now it looks fine.
 This father ain't having a haul!
 Precisely!
 Henry, will you please stop this foolishness and come back here?
 Mother, won't you please try to look at the overall effect?
 You always have to make an adjustment when you see a man you're not used to in a hat.
 I mean...
 Henry, let's not waste any more time talking.
 You'll just have to march straight down to the Emporium and return that hat.
 Return it?
 Mother, you don't mean...
 Mother, you don't mean...
 You're just kidding, aren't you?
 I've never been more serious in my life.
 But she is, Mother. I can't.
 Father, you see my side, don't you?
 Sam, will you please explain to Henry
 that you were wrong about the whole thing?
 As a matter of fact, Alice,
 I just remembered some work I have to do.
 Sam!
 Mother, look, I can't go back. I can't.
 Henry, it's a perfectly simple matter
 to walk into a store and say,
 "I've changed my mind about this,
 and I like my money back, please."
 Of course it is, Henry.
 Oh boy.
 My goodness, I do it all the time.
 But Mother the Quirk will think that I don't know my own mind.
 Just tellin' your mother refuses to let you have it.
 After him calling me, sir?
 Oh, jeez.
 [audience laughter]
 She was, I can't walk into a store and start talking about my mother as if I was a little
 boy.
 They're even big boys have mothers.
 Now please start.
 [audience laughter]
 Gee whiz, mother, I can't.
 I just can't very well Mary would you please take Henry by the hand and Mary don't you touch me
 Listen won't you please try to look at it this way
 Yes, sir. Is there something I can do for you?
 Well, yes, as a matter of fact, Homer, how would you like to sort of step over there and look at those coats a minute?
 Well, Henry, I'm interested.
 Oh, you interested in buying a coat, young man?
 Me? She was no. I've got a coat.
 Homer?
 Well, I guess I wouldn't do any harm to investigate.
 Look, uh, mister.
 Look, about this hat, it isn't that I don't like it.
 I knew you'd like it, sir.
 Well, in all my years and hats, I've never seen a face that fitted a hat to where your
 fits that one.
 Yeah, sure.
 That's exactly what worries me, the fit.
 The fit?
 Well, we can certainly remedy that.
 You can?
 Well, I don't mean the fit so much as, well, as my doctor.
 What's that?
 I don't know how it slipped my mind, but according to my doctor, I shouldn't wear a hat, I think.
 Why not?
 Well, I'm sort of losing my hair.
 And--
 We're there.
 So?
 Well, if you're really losing your hair,
 you don't ever want to be seen without a hat.
 I don't?
 No, sir.
 Now, just let me set it back on your head.
 But, Mr. What I--
 Always remember to give it a pat, like this.
 There you are.
 Sure.
 Only--
 You're doing hard while I look in this.
 Homer, where are you?
 Right here inside this coat.
 Isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Young man, are you interested in buying that raccoon coat?
 I'm interesting.
 Sure.
 How much is it?
 three hundred dollars
 well frankly i've certainly lost interest
 mister look
 look about this had either
 i decided to return it return it sure and i'd like my money back please if you
 don't mind
 well that is what's the matter didn't your mother like that
 mam
 mother
 did
 he had nothing to do with it
 well i'm sorry sir but i'm afraid we can't take it back why not what about
 your initials
 I forgot about the initials.
 There they are, right. On the sweat band, HA, as large as like.
 We never take a hat back once it's been initiated.
 But couldn't you remove them?
 Remove them.
 Yeah.
 How could we remove initials? They're perforated.
 Look, HA.
 Oh.
 Well, couldn't you just add a T to the HA?
 And then you have HA.
 Get out.
 Ah, just a minute, son.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (jazz music)
 - Hello?
 - Hello?
 - Hello, is this Mr. Harold A. Corn?
 - All corn, Henry.
 - What's that?
 - 'Cause I mean all corn.
 - Yeah, who's this?
 - Well, you don't know me, see,
 I just found your name in the phone book.
 - You did?
 - Sure, I'm phoning everybody I can find
 who has the initials, H.A. (audience laughing)
 Look, how would you feel about a swell new hat?
 Yeah? What program is this?
 What program?
 Sure, didn't you say you were giving away a hat?
 No, she was. I'm selling it.
 Selling it?
 Look, just let me ask you this.
 What size is your hat?
 Eight and a half. What's it to you?
 Eight and a half. Wow.
 So, just forget the whole thing.
 Goodbye.
 Quick, let's see the phone book, Homer.
 Are there any more H.A.?
 Sure, only I think all this phone is hopeless.
 Homer, there just has to be one H.A. in center,
 with a six and a half head size who needs a hat what's the next number?
 Elm 669.
 Number 3.
 Elm 669.
 How did you make out on Mr. Alcorn him?
 Boy he was the biggest sore head I ever heard of.
 Yeah eight and a half.
 But I've got a feeling this is my lucky customer coming up.
 He and I sure hope so.
 Hello.
 Hello.
 May I speak to H. Andrews please?
 Well this is Hildegard Andrews.
 The old a guard.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yes.
 Who's this?
 - Well gee, gee, gee, gee, gee, gee, gee, gee, gee,
 I don't think you'd be interested.
 - Well I might be.
 Come on, who is it?
 - Well no, no, no, I'm sure you wouldn't be.
 Goodbye.
 Homer, we're just not getting anyplace.
 - Hey Henry, I just got a swell idea.
 Why aren't you filling the police department?
 - The police?
 - Sure.
 After all, I keep fingerprints.
 Maybe they keep head sizes too.
 (audience laughing)
 How are your crazies?
 - Head free.
 Oh boy.
 Henry, haven't you left yet?
 Flest mother, for where?
 There, didn't we decide you were to take your hat down to the Emporium and get your
 money back?
 Well, I'll tell you, Mother.
 I did go down, see.
 Oh, you did fine.
 Sure, and I had a long talk with a clerk, see?
 And he gave you your three dollars back?
 Well, not exactly.
 You mean he gave you credit?
 Credit?
 That's just as good, Henry.
 You and I will go down later this afternoon and pick out another hat.
 Mother, wait.
 You don't understand.
 understand how you feel but until you're a few years older you need help in
 selecting your clothes. But Mother if you don't let me explain.
 You're talking about it now. There I have to start lunch.
 She was home. My mother thinks I returned the hair.
 Why didn't you send her straight? I tried to homework. What's she gonna do when she
 finds out I've hidden it up in my room? Boy you're in a spa hand.
 Wait a minute. Who are you gonna phone? The center will times. I've got the whole
 thing figured out. Number please. Elle 909. Elle 909.
 - He's trying to change hands.
 - Mary's boyfriend, Kermit, and he always said,
 "If there's anything he can do for me,
 he'd be glad to do it."
 - Yeah.
 - Sure, and I know he'll be just crazy about my hat,
 even if his initials aren't H.A.
 - Set it all times, set it up like me.
 - I'd like to speak to one of your reporters, please.
 Kermit, Hanygan.
 - Hanygan isn't there, sorry.
 - He isn't?
 Oh, just a minute.
 Homer, he isn't there.
 - He isn't.
 Well, why not leave a message?
 - Sure.
 Hello? - Yes?
 - Look, could I leave a message, please?
 A very important message.
 - Who is this?
 why you wouldn't know me but but i'm a member of the general public who reads
 your paper
 and uh... i'm trying to locate somebody with the initials h_a_
 mean he's lost lost
 but no gee was i just have to find them and i call the police department
 the police were they fool around with a thing like this i told you
 and i don't think that's what this all done
 who
 uh... the other one give me my money back
 working for how much was involved
 Oh gee, every son I have.
 Is that so?
 Alright, let's have all the information.
 And they show today, Jay.
 Sure.
 With a six and a half head size.
 Are they gonna help you, Hinn?
 Homer, will you please be the--
 Hello?
 Hello.
 OK, Henry, I can take a hint.
 Mrs. Aldrich.
 The important thing is he has to like stalk.
 Are you in the living room, Mrs. Aldrich?
 Yes, Homer.
 Mr. Aldrich and I happen to be having a private discussion.
 Well, can I hear you say it was almost lunchtime?
 Not quite, Homer.
 You have plenty of time to get home.
 Yes, dear. Well, are you sure I can't help you in any way, Mrs. Oldrich? Set the table or anything?
 No, thank you. Oh, well, I guess I'll be running along then.
 Goodbye, Alma. Where were we, Alice?
 I was saying, Sam, that you should take a lesson from what happened this morning and put your foot down.
 That was unfortunate, Alice, but I still maintain we should give Henry one more chance to choose his own hat.
 Sure, I agree with Mr. Aldrich.
 Homer, I thought you'd gone home.
 Now, let's try to look at this whole thing from a boy's viewpoint.
 I was a boy once myself.
 Sure, so was I.
 If you need him down to the Emporium by the hand, you'll destroy every shred of his self-respect.
 Dear, I don't intend to take his hand.
 Psychologically, you'd be taking his hand.
 The same, the important thing is Henry has to have a new hat.
 And since he isn't capable of choosing one himself, then someone has to do it for it.
 When Mrs. Algory, Homer, will you please go home?
 Sam, listen to me. Someone has to help Henry.
 Well, Alice, have it your own way.
 No, I'm glad you're being reasonable, Sam.
 And when you get down there...
 Don't worry.
 ...to the Emporium with Henry.
 Alice, I'm not going with him.
 Yes, you are, Sam. I changed my mind.
 You're a man. You are definitely the one to help Henry.
 Select the new hat.
 Now, wait a minute, Alice.
 I think so, too.
 Homer, will you please go home?
 [audience laughter]
 [Music]
 Well ladies, you'll never be in a predicament when it comes to making a choice
 if you choose gay shimmering jello for dessert.
 Tomorrow night try raspberry pear whip.
 Just prepare a package of raspberry jello as usual, then whip it up.
 Fold in a cup of luscious pear pulp and chill until firm.
 All six jello flavors, strawberry, raspberry, cherry, orange, lemon, and lime have that wonderful locked in goodness that reminds you of the real ripe fruit itself.
 Ask for jello, America's favorite gelatin dessert.
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Having been told by his parents that he could choose his new hat himself, Henry came home this morning,
 proudly exhibiting a genuine West Indian straw.
 And then, ordered to return the hat immediately, he ran into difficulties.
 Now, Henry is searching for someone to whom he can sell the hat.
 The scene opens in the San Rafael police station. It is that afternoon.
 But, Saunter, what's this full of done?
 I don't know what he's done. All I've found out is a set of old times on his trail
 and they'd sure like a chance to show us up.
 You're right.
 Now here's all I know about him.
 His initials are HA and his head size is 6 1/2.
 His head size, that's a new one.
 From what I can gather, the main clue is a straw hat.
 Now if you find that, we'll be on the right track.
 Okay, I'll start checking hat stores and cleaners.
 And if you run into anyone from the newspapers,
 don't let on, we don't know anything,
 but try to find out who it is we're looking for.
 Mary, please.
 Henry, let's go. I have to get ready for the beauty parlor.
 Mary, listen. If you had a brother and he was going to die any minute now, wouldn't you make a move to help him?
 Of course I would.
 Well, okay. I've got to have three dollars.
 Henry, do you think I'm made of money?
 But don't you realize Mother thinks I've got a credit of three dollars at the Emporium and I have them?
 Don't you realize that Kermit is coming here for dinner tonight and I am a size?
 Look, Mary. Why waste your money in beauty parlors?
 What?
 If you're going to marry Kermit someday, don't you think the only fear thing to do is let him see in your natural condition?
 [audience laughter]
 Henry Aldrich, marry way before you get mad.
 When is Kermit's birthday?
 In June, wow.
 How do you like to buy him a swell present?
 It's worth $14.50 and you can have it for $3.
 No.
 $2.95.
 No.
 And goodbye. I have to fix my hair.
 You mean you're not going to the beauty parlor?
 Of course I am, but I can't go there looking like this.
 Okay, Mary. Just wait until you want me to be best man at your wedding.
 Henry?
 Mother, are you sure there hasn't been a phone call for me?
 No, dear.
 Gee whizzer reporter, there won't even answer a phone call.
 Henry, I have to run over to your aunt Harry in first, but I want you to meet me down at the Emporium in 45 minutes.
 Has the Emporium?
 Yes, it seems your father has suddenly disappeared.
 Well, look, Mother.
 Don't you think a new hat is just a waste of money?
 Certainly not.
 But, Gee, you know how I always lose everything, especially a hat?
 Why, I won't have it a half an hour.
 He was, mother, I lose my head if it wasn't fastened on.
 And now, dear, you really need a hat, and you have a credit of $3 down at the Emporium.
 Mother, listen, there's something I've got to tell you.
 You tell me down at the Emporium in 45 minutes.
 But it'll be too late, then.
 What summer?
 Excuse me, Mrs. Orange, did I knock you over?
 Not quite, and please don't be late, then.
 Hey, Henry, where's your hat?
 It's hidden up in my room.
 Who, listen, I found this pilot, see who wants us to draw a hat?
 He does?
 Sure, he flies planes from Miami to Chicago, and he wants to stroll to where while he's in Miami.
 [Laughter]
 Homer, you don't mean it.
 Sure, and his head size is six and a half, and he doesn't care a darn about the initials.
 Oh boy, Homer, let me shake your hand.
 Sure, yes.
 Shake out!
 Oh, I'm sorry, Homer.
 It's just I'm so graceful.
 Well, stop twisting my arm and I'll give you his address.
 Sure, and then let's go upstairs and get the hat.
 You know what happened to me on the way over?
 a cop stopped me on the street and asked me my initials.
 - He did? - Sure.
 And when I told him HB, he said I was just one letter out.
 (laughter)
 That's funny.
 Do you suppose I nearly won a prize of some kind?
 - I'll answer the phone, Henry. - Okay, Mary.
 Only if it's Kermit. Tell him he's Mr. Chan.
 (phone ringing)
 - Hello. - Hello, Mary.
 Dear. - My Kermit.
 How are you, Kermit? - Fine.
 As a matter of fact, Mary, I'm on top of the world.
 the world. You are? I just wanted to prepare you. By the time I come over for dinner tonight,
 I might be out of obituaries. Really, my goodness, what's happened? Well, I haven't
 time to explain, Mary, but I'm working on a big story. I'm going to scoop the police
 department. No. Yes. So, it won't be long now, Mary, before you and I can talk over
 a breakfast table instead of a telephone. Oh, my. Oh, my goodness. Well, I've got to be
 getting along.
 Of course.
 Goodbye, come in and good luck.
 Mary!
 Yes, Henry!
 Listen, Mary, I give you my word.
 I didn't mean it.
 You didn't mean why.
 Anything I've ever said to you, except when I paid you compliments.
 Henry, get to the point.
 That's what I said.
 Mary, whatever I've done to you, let's both be good sports and give me back my hat.
 What hat?
 My West Indian straw that was up in my room.
 I haven't been anywhere near you.
 No, Mary, I haven't timed to joke.
 Now hand it over.
 But, Henry, I haven't got it.
 Listen Mary, I'll have Father Sue you.
 No I had, I'll sue you for both of us.
 Hey man, I don't think she's got it.
 But somebody's got it, I can't have lost it.
 Why not?
 You'd lose your head if it wasn't fast enough.
 Oh boy, Homer get out of my way, maybe I'd put it in here.
 Hey man, you're gonna throw everything out of your whole closet?
 Hey, cut it out, can you really hit me with that cold hair?
 Henry, put down that rubber boat!
 (Music)
 Yes sir, we clean and block hats.
 But what I want to know is do you stretch them?
 - Sure. - Well, you see this straw hat?
 It's a six and a half, it belongs to my son.
 And if it's possible, I'd like it stretched, so it would fit me.
 - Well, may I see the hat, please? - Yes, certainly.
 - Oh, it's a very fine hat. - Yes.
 - Genuine West Indian straw. - I, my, your son, has good taste.
 taste you think so to tell you the truth I agree with you I'm surprised he'd want
 to part with it well he isn't anxious to but his mother that is I understand what
 you mean I'm a married man myself it isn't that mothers mean to be unreasonable
 it's just that no fault of their own their well they're women that's quite true
 I'd like to help my son out and find his hat from his initials they say yeah now
 do you think you can stretch it I'm pretty sure I cancer it'll only take about
 10 minutes. Oh, that's fine. Just make yourself comfortable while I step into the
 back room and don't go away.
 Hello. Hello, is that you Mary? Yes, mother. I just got back from the beauty
 pole. Where are you? Now that the emporium I've been waiting for nearly two hours.
 Have you any idea where Henry is? He isn't here. And mother, do you realize it's
 Almost dinner time and come and we'll be here any minute.
 Oh my goodness, I've forgotten.
 Mary, you better start peeling potatoes
 and let your father entertain Kermit.
 But father isn't here either.
 He isn't.
 Well, dear, I'll get a taxi and be home in five minutes.
 All right, mother, goodbye.
 This is our dear.
 Father, where did you come from?
 Good evening, Mary.
 My goodness, that store has you--
 that's Henry.
 Mary, I don't want to hear this hat mentioned again
 in this house.
 Do you understand?
 Father, you look upset.
 Is anything wrong?
 Mary, let me ask you something.
 Do I look to you like a common criminal?
 No, it's not, Bob. You don't look the least sitcom.
 Mary, I've just come from the police station.
 The police station? What'd you go down there for?
 I was taken down there in a police car.
 You were, Bob.
 I was arrested.
 Really, Bob? Really, and truly?
 One minute I was sitting quietly in the cleanest,
 thumbing through the hat fires monthly.
 And the next minute I was sitting under a bright light answering questions.
 It seems the cleaner telephones some eager beaver newspaper reporter and he sent the police down.
 But why did they arrest you?
 How should I know that it didn't even know themselves?
 Excuse me, Father, I've got a phone permit.
 My goodness, when a prominent lawyer gets arrested, that's new.
 Mary, put down that phone.
 But Father...
 Put it down.
 Do you really mean you'd sell your own father down the river just to get permit out of obituary?
 But Father, our whole future is involved.
 So is mine.
 Yours, Father?
 Age it as I am, Mary.
 I have a few good years left.
 Please answer the phone.
 Hello.
 Hello, Mary. This is Kermit.
 Oh my goodness. See you there. Hello, Kermit.
 Mary, I'm afraid I won't be able to come up for dinner tonight after all.
 You won't. Why not?
 No, I'd rather not go into details, Mary, but...
 ...case I was working on, more or less blew up right in my face.
 Oh, Kermit, that's a shame.
 Yeah. Oh, well.
 Never mind, Kermit. I've got a scoop for you.
 Oh, you have to promise not to print it.
 What is it?
 Yes, what happened to my father?
 Mary, I really have to go now.
 How did you enter city was arrested?
 Oh, arrested?
 Well, I'm certainly surprised.
 Arrested? Why, that's terrible.
 Well, goodbye, Mary.
 You're hanging up right in the middle of our conversation.
 And Kermit, why can't you come to dinner tonight?
 I've got to cover an obituary.
 Well, everybody, I'm home.
 Look, look, Mary, could you meet me on the corner?
 From the corner.
 Mary, have...
 Gee whiz, here it is, my store.
 Wait a minute, Kermit.
 Henry Otter, what on earth have you got on your head?
 What does it look like, Mary? Mother!
 Hello, Kermit, listen!
 Mother, are you in the living room?
 No, Henry, she isn't home yet.
 She isn't? Oh boy.
 When she gets here, Father, will you help me explain how I got tied up?
 Hey, wait a minute, Henry, what's that thing on your head?
 An aviator's helmet, Father.
 Well, yes, but...
 See, it has ear flaps and everything.
 Don't you think it's the most practical type hat for me?
 Where did you get it?
 From a pilot friend of Homer's.
 He sort of traded it to me on trust, see?
 And now that I found my straw hat, all I have to do is take it over to him.
 Henry, about that straw hat.
 Boy, am I lucky he takes six and a half.
 Yes, well, the hat is now size seven and a half.
 What? Why can that be?
 I never buy it, it is.
 You don't have to return that helmet to your pilot.
 Return? Oh, no, father.
 Let me have a look at you.
 You, Mary!
 In the living room, I'll ask you.
 Oh, boy. Listen, Mother, I can explain everything.
 Henry, you can explain later. First I have something to show you all.
 What is it, Mother?
 Well, while I was waiting for Henry down at the Emporium, I bought...
 Here I am, everybody. How do you like me?
 Mother! Mother!
 Gee, what is it?
 Why do you use a hat? A hat?
 I don't believe it. Mother! A brace of pheasant?
 Certainly, Mary.
 Alice, you will march down to the Emporium, first thing in the morning and return that pheasant hat, Father.
 - Return it, but Sam!
 (upbeat music)
 - Thank you, Henry.
 - What, Homer?
 - Before I'm coming to dinner tomorrow night,
 you suppose we should tell your mother
 I'm on a very special diet?
 - She was, you are?
 - Sure, because I'm anemic.
 - You are?
 - G-Homer, that's tough.
 - Sure.
 To build up my strength,
 I have to have second helping of everything.
 Well, second helping is what everybody has for when there's
 Jello Tapioca Puddings for dessert.
 Yes, Jello Tapioca Puddings, newest members of the famous Jello
 Pudding family.
 And they're a miracle of goodness, a marvel of speed.
 There's Jello Vanilla Tapioca, Jello Chocolate Tapioca,
 and Jello Orange Coconut Tapioca.
 All three are luscious, light and delicate, gloriously rich
 and creamy.
 And you know that name Jello is a trademark.
 It's the property of general foods and it tells you that you're getting a genuine jello product.
 Ask your grocer for jello tapioca puddings.
 And while you're about it, better get three packages so you'll have plenty for the weekend.
 That's jello tapioca pudding.
 [MUSIC]
 You're showing you'll be in your living room in ours next week at the same time.
 Good night, bros.
 [MUSIC]
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying the old Ridge family
 is brought to you by the jello family.
 For desserts that are delicious, boy, believe me, you should know, they are made by famous J-E-L-L-F.
 Listen again next Thursday, same time, same station. One other sparkling half hour was the old recender.
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (bells ringing)
 (bell dings)
