 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, Mother!
 Postum presents The Aldrich Family written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Entertainment for All the Family, brought to you by Postum,
 attempting wholesome drink for All the Family.
 Postum.
 [Music]
 Before we join the Aldrich family, it may we offer you a friendly challenge.
 I've heard it said that if the average person hears five separate statements,
 he has a hard time repeating even four of them.
 See how far above average you are.
 One?
 Many people can drink coffee without ill effects, but there are a good many other people whose nerves are set on edge by coffee.
 Two, people who are affected by coffee may find it helpful to drink post-em regularly instead of coffee.
 Three, post-em contains no caffeine, no stimulant of any kind that could possibly upset anybody's nerves.
 Four, post-em is a hearty, robust, really swell drink.
 Enjoyed every meal time by millions of Americans.
 Five. You can get post them at your grocers.
 Now how many of those statements can you remember?
 Well I'll give you a little tip. If you remember only the last one to
 get post them at your grocers then you remember the one that you will be most
 grateful for.
 For it's when you get it that you can give post them a fair trial.
 You can then see if you don't agree that post them is a grand drink.
 See if you aren't much less nervous, more at ease
 Thanks to your switch to post them.
 One of the attractive things about teenage youngsters is that they manage to get a lot of fun out of things which to their elders are apt to be pretty much of a bore.
 Let's see how Henry Aldrich handles the problem of moving day, for instance.
 The scene opens in Kathleen Anderson's living room.
 Now wait a second Homer. Kathleen asked me to lift that box for.
 Henry, will you take your hands off if you're only making it heavier?
 I know, Homer, but everything I've picked up you've tried to grab too.
 Anybody think the Anderson's weren't able to move without your budding in?
 All right, then. All right, then. Take it. I hope you break your bag.
 Well, Gee Whiz, Homer, that's a nice thing to do.
 I don't Kathleen's mother's hardwood floor.
 They're moving out of here, aren't they?
 And someone's moving in, aren't they?
 Henry, did you hurt yourself?
 No, I didn't hurt myself.
 Homer, could you...
 Could you give me a hand with this?
 I thought you wanted to lift it yourself.
 Wait a second now, and I'll put this other pile of books in.
 Oh, you're going to put more in it?
 Henry, we have to get everything we own out of here by tonight.
 You do? Yes, Henry.
 Well, see, where are you going to have dinner?
 I don't know.
 Listen, Kathleen, why don't you come over to our house for dinner?
 Over to your house? Really, Homer?
 Homer, over to your house?
 And now wait a second. Why should she want to come over to your house?
 Why shouldn't she?
 I'd be close, Homer.
 In the first place your mother and father are both on a diet.
 And you know what that means.
 What does it mean?
 Yes, Mrs. Anderson.
 Are you calling I?
 Could you come here and help me with this step ladder?
 Yes, sure.
 Homer, move that box of books out on the porch for Kathleen.
 Alone?
 Is it too heavy for you, Homer?
 Well, I'll tell you.
 Listen, Kathleen.
 Why don't you all come over for dinner?
 As long as your mother's gonna have all your dishes packed.
 Oh, I don't think we should impose on your mother and father like that, Homer.
 Well, that's the beautiful part of it.
 If you come over, my mother will have to cook something good for a change.
 No, Homer, I don't think we'd better.
 Now, would you move that box, please?
 Okay.
 Say, I've got a better idea, Kathleen.
 All the hominists, my mother. Then I can explain the whole thing.
 And if she says she'd rather we wouldn't come, will you be frank and tell us all?
 Oh, gee, what's Kathleen? You don't have to worry about a thing like that.
 Hey Homer, how about coming down to the basement and give me a hand with a barrel of stuff?
 I've got a beaded Henry. As soon as you get the barrel up, move that box of books there.
 Listen, Kathleen, where's he going?
 Home to see whether his mother would mind having anyone extra for dinner?
 You mean you're going? You're going? And instead of coming over to my house?
 Well, Henry, you hadn't even mentioned your house.
 Kathleen, don't you remember my saying...
 Am I saying...don't you want to eat with my family?
 I didn't say I didn't want to. I'd much rather only...
 Well, only how about your mother my mother?
 What would my mother have to do with your coming over for dinner?
 I mean, oh, all I have to do is phone and say you're coming.
 Hello?
 Hey, good as I guess your mother's better natured than my mother.
 Oh, gee, as soon as I send--
 But please, listen, mother.
 Number please.
 Oh, uh, L-303.
 L-303.
 Kathleen?
 Yes, mother?
 Could you help me, please?
 All right.
 And I have something I'll think I should tell you.
 And Kathleen, after dinner, maybe we can go to the meeting
 movie hello hello listen mother Henry where are you I'm just over helping I'm
 sort of you won't be late getting home for dinner tonight with you dear we're
 going to eat early oh we are mother I want to tell you something what is it
 you know the Anderson's has something happened to them no they're an awful
 predicament they have to get out of their house by tonight see really where
 are they going over on Center Street well don't be nice well don't be late
 - Wait a second, Mother. I haven't finished with that predicament.
 - There, I can't stand here and talk with you. I'm putting up applesauce.
 - You are? Well, that's good.
 - Well, what would you think of sort of helping out and asking Kathleen to come and eat with us?
 - Henry, this is no time to ask anyone for dinner. I've got Jaws and applesauce all over the kitchen.
 - But Mother, she's very fond of applesauce.
 - Frank, but Henry, I don't like you bringing home a guest when I'm working as hard as I am.
 - But, Mother. - There you may have her any night, but tonight.
 - Henry!
 Let me explain something.
 - Henry, there's nothing to explain. - Mother, listen.
 - Good idea. - Good mother.
 - Henry, did you catch your mother? - Yes, and...
 - Oh, yeah. - It's wonderful, because Mother says she'd be glad to let me go.
 - What's that? - Well...
 - That's fine.
 In the first place Alice Henry shouldn't have asked you but Sam I told him he could not have Kathleen tonight
 Oh, well, I'm glad to hear that not that Kathleen isn't welcome here
 But there's a chance that Ed Wilson will be in town. You mean you've asked him to have dinner here
 No Alice, but if he does arrive in town tonight
 I'd like to feel free to ask him for dinner so we can talk business then I'm all the more glad Kathleen isn't coming
 Mother Henry is that you? Yes, where are you? We're in the living room. We'd like very much to speak to you
 You mean fathers in there with you? I am oh
 Hello, Father.
 Hello.
 Henry, I certainly hope Kathleen understood why I couldn't have it tonight.
 Well, Mother...
 If you aren't awfully busy, could I speak you out in the dining room where we can be alone?
 I mean, there is no use here bringing the subject up.
 Your father agrees with me. We cannot have Kathleen tonight.
 Or we can.
 Henry, remember this for as long as you live.
 Don't ever ask anyone to this house for dinner as a...
 as a surprise to us.
 Well, yes, Father.
 Is that clear, dear?
 Yes, Mother.
 That doesn't go just for Kathleen. It goes for home of Brown.
 But Jimmy Bartlett.
 Yes, Father.
 For everyone and anyone you happen to have an imposter ask.
 Yes, Mother. Only first there's just one thing I want to explain.
 Don't try to explain anything. Kathleen is out of the picture as far as tonight is concerned.
 Sam, where are you going?
 Out of the garden.
 Mother, would you be interested in listening to me?
 Ten minutes.
 Not hear any more about it.
 But, Mother, look what Mrs. Anderson gave me.
 What is it? Are those ration stamps?
 Yes, sure. She felt that bad about it.
 Well, my goodness!
 Look, three stamps.
 That gives you some idea, Mother.
 How?
 How?
 Well, Henry, you certainly couldn't have been very cordial in your invitation.
 What's that?
 Henry, what did you say to Mrs. Anderson that made her feel she had to give you those?
 That's the funny part of it.
 It came right out of a clear blue sky.
 Did you realize how embarrassed this makes me feel?
 Apparently she thought the reason we couldn't have Kathleen was because we didn't have enough racial stance.
 My mother?
 Here, when you're inviting anyone for dinner, there are two ways to do it.
 Either don't ask them at all or you ask them wholeheartedly and really make them feel as though they're wanted.
 You do?
 Yes, dear. Of course you do. What's the Anderson's number?
 You're going to call them? Of course I am.
 Why? It's... it's L34-4.
 L34-4?
 Number, please.
 No, I'm afraid. I want L34-4.
 L34-4?
 Henry, do you see that list of groceries on the table?
 Yes, mother.
 Now, I want you to take it and go right over to the store.
 Yes, sure. And thanks very much.
 And don't even mention this to your father. You let me explain things to him.
 Yes, mother. Hello. Hello. Is this Betty Anderson?
 Yes. This is Alice Oldridge, dear.
 I've just been talking with Henry and, frankly, Betty,
 I've never been quite so embarrassed.
 Well, who are born, Alice?
 Anyone that has to move at a time like this,
 and is in the position you're in.
 Well, Betty, we just love to help you all.
 Oh, really? Oh, of course.
 What's that?
 What's that?
 Oh, you mean you can all...
 Well, that's fine, Betty.
 I was afraid for a minute, and Henry had asked just Kathleen.
 Now Alice, are you sure you can have us all on this short notice?
 Why? Why, Betty, I give you my word.
 Nothing would give us more pleasure than making you feel that our home is your home.
 Really, Alice? Well, that's awfully sweet of you.
 Not at all. Goodbye. Goodbye.
 Sam! Sam, I've got to tell you something!
 [Music]
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Bob, this is Betty.
 What do you think the older you did have come to the rescue?
 They've asked us over to their house.
 Yes?
 For the next three days?
 Why no, Bob.
 No, of course not.
 Just for dinner.
 Well, that takes care of one meal, but where are we going to stay tonight and tomorrow and
 other places ready well couldn't you get room to the mansion home oh no they're
 all filled up you don't suppose the orages would put us up for a few days do
 you know Bob I'm even a little embarrassed about going over there for
 dinner but they know we can't move into the other house yes and I don't see why
 they don't ask us we do the same for them well Alice or it's did say she wanted
 just to feel that their home was our home but I don't think she expects us to
 stay three days why don't you call it back and make sure no Bell I can't do that
 Let's just wait and see what happened.
 Oh, well.
 And Bob, somebody's at the door.
 I just got to hang up and see who it is.
 Bye.
 Goodbye.
 And Sandra's up.
 I'm out here in the front hall.
 Is Kathleen here?
 Hello, Henry. What is it?
 Nothing, Kathleen. Nothing.
 I was just on to my way to get some groceries for something.
 And I just thought I'd drop in.
 Oh.
 All I want to know is, I want to make sure.
 Yes, Henry?
 Well, I want to be positive, see.
 Yes, Henry.
 I just had to talk with my mother.
 She called you, didn't she? Yes, and that was very sweet of it.
 Boy, was she upset over the way I asked Kathleen.
 Well, your mother was certainly nice to call an ask-a-thaw.
 Oh, all of you? Yes.
 Oh, gee, that's the way my mother is.
 Once she decides to do something, she'll even turn over her whole house to you.
 Really? As a matter of fact, Henry, she did say we were to feel your home was our home?
 Sure. All she's got to know is you're in a jam and, and boy!
 Only, Henry, are you positive we won't be crowding you?
 crowding us she was how could you do a thing like that are you sure any
 Kathleen you talk as though we'd never had company before she was there's plenty
 of room and your mother told you to stay there sure she certainly said I was to
 be cordial well goodbye goodbye and thanks very much for coming over
 Kathleen go to the phone call your father yes mother tell him it's all settled
 we won't have to go to the hotel yes Homer where are you I'm not here at the
 back door where are you I'm just going to put in a phone call well look I've got
 a sort of embarrassing message for you see. My mother said she'd like to have you folks
 come for dinner. In fact there's nothing she'd rather have you do. Only don't you think
 as long as you folks are going to be so tired from moving and everything, it would be better
 to wait and come sometime afterwards when you feel fresher and you can keep your mind
 on what you're eating.
 Well Homer, as a matter of fact we're all going over to Henry.
 For dinner?
 Yeah.
 Everybody?
 Well she was, that's a fine thing. Could I use your telephone before you do?
 I guess so.
 Hello.
 If that isn't it.
 Gee whiz.
 Number three.
 Elm two three two.
 Elm two three two.
 And Homer, as soon as you get through, could you come in the living room and help me move
 that box of books from Mother?
 Didn't Henry take care of it?
 A wall of...
 Hello, Mother.
 I won't be home for dinner.
 Why not?
 The old witches are throwing a party.
 (Ding)
 But mother, I didn't ask them all for dinner. You did.
 Well, incidentally, since you knew how many would be here, why didn't you get enough string beans?
 I did. That's a beautiful part of it.
 Then why didn't you tell me before I sent your father to the store?
 You did? Well, I'll go right out and get him.
 Now, don't do anything more. You've done enough as it is.
 Where are you going?
 Over to Mrs. Kilmer's and try to borrow a large tablecloth.
 And dear, I hope you'll let this be a lesson.
 Don't ever ever start inviting people in a wholesale way like this again. Yes, mother only I just asked Kathleen
 Please go answer that phone. Yes, mother
 Maybe this is mrs. Anderson saying they thought it over and now them can come except Kathleen
 Hello, hello, man. I speak with mr. Oh, would you please wait mr. Oh, just in here right now?
 Could you tell me how I might doesn't touch with him, please? I don't think you can't he's not trying to scrape up some string beans
 What's that?
 May I ask who this is speaking?
 This is his son.
 Oh, yes. This is Mr. Wilson.
 I believe I met you when I was in town last week.
 Oh, yes. Up on the roof.
 Henry, I've been sort of a champ down here at the hotel.
 I've been trying to get a room and they tell me there isn't a chance.
 There isn't?
 As a matter of fact, even the dining room is packed.
 You mean you can't get in and get anything?
 That's why I called. I was wondering whether you might have any suggestion to make.
 Well, I tell you. No.
 What's that?
 I'm pretty sure I'd better not make that one.
 Do you know any place to get a room or a meal?
 Well, I... no.
 No, my mother was just saying a little while ago.
 No. Everything's all tied up.
 I see.
 How about...
 How about my father phoning you when he comes in?
 That won't do any good. I can't wait here.
 I've got to find a place to eat and sleep.
 Oh.
 Just forget the whole thing. Good-bye.
 [music]
 [Music]
 For Henry, he's certainly picked the wrong time to take his parents literally.
 But if I may say so, it's the right time for you to take me literally.
 When I suggest that some of you have a big surprise coming, the first time you tried postem.
 For undoubtedly some of you will take your first sip of Postam expecting it to taste like coffee and it doesn't.
 Postam is an entirely different drink which you shouldn't expect to taste like coffee anymore than you'd expect coffee to taste like tea.
 The flavor of Postam is distinctively its own and so lusty and satisfying, so incomparably good,
 that whole family's favor post them over any other meal time drink they've tried.
 We'd like you to enjoy Postam two friends, enjoy the rich, hearty, bracing flavor,
 and discover why one of America's great mealtime drinks is Postam.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich,
 the Aldrichs are upset to think that Kathleen Anderson and her family
 coming for dinner this evening never dreaming that the Anderson's are really
 preparing to stay for three days the scene opens in the older's living room
 Mr. Obrich is speaking Alice where are you?
 I'm in here straightening up the living room Sam my goodness where have you been
 all this time I've been out trying to find enough groceries but did you realize
 it's hardly an hour left before the Anderson's will be here Alice I couldn't
 help it if somebody had bought all the string beans in town the Anderson's will
 have to eat eggplant I do hope they won't stay long after dinner father is that
 It is.
 Well, she was, I've been waiting for you.
 There was a phone call for you.
 Yes?
 For Mr. Wilson?
 Yes, sir.
 Oh, then he's in town.
 That's fine.
 I tried to phone him from the drugstore.
 Yes, Father.
 And boy, are they jammed down at the hotel.
 You mean he can't get a room?
 No, sir.
 Well, you told him to come up here, didn't you?
 Up here?
 What for?
 Why for dinner, dear, and stay overnight?
 Why?
 No, Mr. Wilson, he came to town to do business with me.
 I know, Father, but you gave me a lecture about asking people right out of a clear sky like that.
 There's nothing about it that's out of a clear sky.
 Where did he say I could reach him? He said you couldn't he said he was going out to look for someplace to sleep Henry old rich
 But but mother you don't you see the position?
 I was in Henry if we have antagonized mr. Wilson and he goes back to Chicago without seeing me out
 I am now Sam. I'm sorry father but Alice of all the people we know Ed Wilson Ed Wilson after all we do have a guess now
 Sam don't be upset. That's probably mr. Wilson at the door this minute. Yes. Well see with let me go to door
 I'd like to be the one who invites you now wait a minute Henry wait a minute
 What's the matter Alice look out the window with Sam look who's on the front porch?
 Oh gee with it's Kathleen and her mother Sam Sam. What are they here now for?
 I don't know what time did you tell them to come?
 I certainly didn't tell them to come this early. I'm not even dressed father
 Do you suppose something's happening and they can't come well?
 You mean they can't come Sam don't let them into I get these papers straightened up
 Can't one of you help me with them? Where do you want me to put them here Henry take them out to the kitchen?
 Yes, father Sam open the door. Oh wait a minute dear
 Here's a match I didn't pick up and we take this match out who's gonna notice a match at a time like this
 Well, well hello there. Oh Sam. Hello, Alice. Any dear. Hello. Mr. Mrs. Aldrich. Hello. Don't tell me you can't you can't come in
 I thought perhaps it would be too early for you, but that house is driving me crazy
 I just had to get out of it. That's quite all right. Tell me where's Bob?
 He's coming with the car Alice. Oh, yes mother and I walked over really well. That's just fine. Yes. That's fine
 Let's... let's also now.
 Mr. Aldrich, is Henry here?
 Yes, Kathleen. Henry!
 Henry!
 I guess he doesn't hear. You'll be back in a minute, though.
 To suppose I go and get him.
 I've got one or two little things to attend to in the kitchen.
 Anyhow, if you just excuse me, can Kathleen not help you out?
 Well, no, dear. There isn't a thing to do.
 But there's the doorbell. I guess that's father.
 Yeah? Well, that's fine.
 Mr. Aldrich, do you suppose you could go out and help him bring in grandmother?
 What? What's that?
 Yes, Sam Bob's mother. You remember her, don't you?
 Oh, yes. Yes, that's fine.
 Hello, Sam. Here we come.
 Hello, Bob.
 And this is Anderson. How are you?
 Uh, just take her other arms, Sam.
 Yeah?
 All right, sir. Here we come.
 Do you want some help, Father?
 Yes, Kathleen. Go out the car and get grandmother's cushion.
 All right. Have you any idea what Henry is?
 Henry! Henry!
 I hope we're not going to be crowding you, Sam.
 No, no, not at all. Everything's going to be fine.
 Here we go, grandmother, right down into the big chair.
 - What do you want me to do? - Just let go of the sand.
 She does better if you let it drop in.
 - Yeah? - Well, that's fine.
 There we are.
 Sam, I can't begin to tell you how grateful we are
 for you're pulling us out of this jam.
 - That's all right. - Yes, indeed.
 Now, Sam, I want to tell you one thing.
 Betty and I decided before we came over,
 we're going to make as little trouble for you as possible.
 - Bob, what are you talking about trouble for? - Well, let's work out a schedule for the bathroom.
 You know what I mean? So we won't get in your way.
 What's that?
 And tell me, frankly Sam, would you rather we eat with you or a little head of you?
 What's that?
 Well, why don't you let us do this?
 I was just thinking, we'll eat first and clean up the kitchen and get out of your way.
 - Let's get you? - Sam!
 Yes Alice, what is it?
 - But you please come here right away? - Yes Alice!
 If you folks would excuse me, I'd go see what she was.
 Sam, do you suppose there'd be any objections to grandmother eating upstairs?
 Upstairs?
 Well, no, that would be fine.
 Sam, I want you to tell me something.
 Alice, there's something I want you to tell me.
 Here, can you cut these spring beans while I go out and change my clothes?
 Alice, what's going on here?
 What do you mean?
 The endersons don't want to eat with us.
 You mean they're leaving?
 No, they want to eat in the kitchen before we do.
 And grandmother's going to eat upstairs.
 What's that?
 What grandmother?
 Alice, what do they mean by wanting a schedule for the bathroom?
 Well, they show them where it is.
 No, they want a schedule for it, a schedule.
 Here, what are you talking about?
 Oh, my goodness, who'd you suppose that is?
 I don't know who it is. How would I know?
 Well don't just stand there days, go on to the front door!
 Where's Henry? Why can't Henry take care of some of this?
 I have no idea where Henry is!
 Alright Mr. O, did you answer the door?
 Yes, it wasn't Mr. Wilson was it?
 No, it's just the express man with our baggage.
 What's that?
 Father didn't want to love it because he was so tired.
 Oh, oh.
 Now don't you let the fingers hang.
 You let that fellow out there bring everything in.
 Oh, yes, or all those...
 All those...
 Is that your baggage?
 Yes, I told him to take them around and bring them in the back way,
 so he won't scratch up the front hole.
 Sam!
 Yes, Betty?
 I forgot to tell Alice we brought our own sheets and telecases and our own towels.
 But, sir?
 Enough to last for three days.
 Well, that's fine.
 Sam, who was it?
 Nothing, Alice.
 Just the man with the Anderson sheets and towels.
 For the Anderson squad?
 But they say they could only be with us for three days.
 What's that?
 I mean...
 Oh, only three days?
 Why, we certainly thought you could be with us at least.
 At least.
 Hello, Henry, my lady.
 Homer, is that you?
 Yes, Mrs. Orr.
 I would have been here sooner only my father couldn't come at the last minute.
 What's that?
 Just my mother couldn't make it.
 Hello, Sam.
 Oh, I do hope you understand, we'll not be able to come along.
 Well, that's quite all right, Elizabeth.
 We'll try to understand what we are, Liz.
 Yeah.
 Well, anyway, Sam, happy birthday.
 Happy birthday.
 Yes.
 Yes, isn't that what you're celebrating?
 No, Elizabeth, I wouldn't go so far as to say that.
 Oh, well, anyway, I know you're celebrating something.
 Oh, isn't that bad Mother Andes nice in there?
 My grandmother and this boy am I looking forward to dinner to dinner dear sure just for dinner you can't stay overnight
 Well, I guess I could where's Henry I wish I knew
 Right out in front. What can't you see?
 I mean just got out of that taxi. Hey Ray, where have you been? My father look who I found dear
 Who is it? Can't you see it's mr. Wilson and his wife and children? I told them you wanted them to stay overnight
 What's that?
 (screaming)
 (somber music)
 (somber music)
 (somber music)
 (somber music)
 (somber music)
 (somber music)
 - Alice, let me look at this list once more.
 - Quiet, Sam.
 You wanna wake everyone in the house up?
 - No one can hear us here in the kitchen, Alice.
 I just wanna look at the list
 and see where everyone is sleeping.
 - Just a moment while I turn this other light on.
 Now let's see Bob and Betty Anderson are in there in our room. Do you know?
 Oh, yeah, Kathleen is in with Mary. Where's grandmother? She's in Henry's room. Oh, yes, and mr
 and Mrs Wilson are in the guest room and their daughter is on the sofa in the living room and their son's on that card in the dining room
 Oh, yes, and I'm good asleep on that card. I put up the side Mary and Kathleen
 Yeah, and where is it grandmother sleeping? I told you in Henry's room. I said Henry over to stay with home
 I realized that, Alice.
 Well, it worked out very well.
 I thought so too.
 Now, wait a minute.
 Wait a minute.
 Where am I?
 You, dear.
 Don't I have you on this list?
 Let's go through it once more.
 Sam, I guess I don't have you.
 That's a fine thing.
 Well, there you've got to lie down someplace.
 You've had a hard day.
 Why, uh, why--
 What were you going to suggest?
 No.
 I guess the Wilson boy couldn't possibly sleep with grandmother.
 No, dear.
 No, we all agreed that grandmother better sleep alone.
 How about...how about...no?
 Of course.
 Yes.
 There's that old blanket that Henry's goat used to sleep on.
 But I frankly don't think you'd be comfortable on that.
 No.
 But I might take a couple of leaves from the dining room table and put them across the bathtub.
 What?
 And just lie there holding the bathroom schedule.
 Now Sam, I'm doing the best I can.
 I know Alice, but I've got to do some work tomorrow.
 I can't just stand up against the wall all night.
 How this was that?
 - Sam, it's Henry. Yes, dear?
 - Mother, I wanna tell you something.
 - Not so loud, Henry.
 Did you forget something?
 Forget something?
 What was it?
 - She doesn't know.
 Your mother's asking you.
 Why are you back?
 - I can't sleep over at Homer's.
 - Why not?
 - Well, Homer's uncle Joe showed up on a furlough,
 and he brought two soldiers along with him.
 - What's that?
 - So I had to come home.
 Sam, what are we going to do?
 - I don't know what they're going to do.
 It's grandmother that's messing up the whole work.
 - What are you walking out of the room like that, Thor?
 - I'm wearing no answer to the telephone.
 Would you like me to father?
 Hello.
 Hello. Do you have a Mr. Wilson there?
 Yes.
 Could I speak to him please?
 Why?
 He can't come to the phone right this minute.
 Could I take a message?
 This is the mansion house.
 Mr. Wilson had his name on our reservation list
 and asked us to give him a call if anything turned up.
 Yes.
 We've just found one bed.
 If he doesn't mind, it's being in a room with another gentleman.
 A Mr. Wiggins from Battle Creek.
 Yes.
 Good. Hold it.
 Henry.
 Yes father.
 Come with me.
 Where to?
 You're gonna sleep with a man with the name of Wiggins from Battle Creek.
 Stay tuned in, won't you?
 The all-rich-as-sleeping problems aren't quite solved even yet.
 [Music]
 You won't forget, will you, friends? Postum comes in two economical forms.
 Postum, which you brew in pot percolator or drip maker,
 and instant postum, which is dissolved instantly in your cup by adding boiling water.
 Both have the same unbeatable postum flavor.
 So no matter which you enjoy, you can't help but say sincerely,
 "What a swell drink postum is!"
 [Music]
 Father, can't we please turn on the light?
 No, Henry. I told her to be sure not to wake up Mr. Wiggins.
 But, she was like, can't see the button my pajamas.
 Get into bed.
 I am in bed. I'm trying. I'm trying.
 Father, where are you?
 I'm right over here.
 You're not here with me?
 Well, she was who's this I button my pajamas to.
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half hour with your favorite youngster, his family and his pals.
 The Oldridge family is written by Clifford Goldsmith, the original musical score is conducted by Jack Miller.
 And this is Dan Seymour saying, "Your host tonight is Postam."
 And Postam is one of America's great mealtime drinks.
 It's good drinking. Good night.
