 [Music]
 The Albright family, written by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone.
 Henry! Henry Albright!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 You know ladies and gentlemen scarcely a day passes that doesn't bring us a letter from some housewife praising Jell-O better scotch pudding.
 Many of these letters read somewhat as follows.
 I've tried just about every ready prepared pudding on the market.
 And jello butterscotch pudding is the one for me.
 Other letters, of course, speak of how easy jello butterscotch pudding is to make,
 because you simply add milk, cook for a few minutes, and cool.
 And still other letters tell us how grateful housewives are
 for the many ways you can serve jello butterscotch pudding.
 But the big point is its flavor, the warm buttery brown sugar flavor
 sugar flavor of creamy, golden butterscotch.
 Just the way you like it, full of rich homemade goodness.
 Yes, friends, you like yellow butterscotch pudding a lot, so just try it.
 And let your own taste tell you why yellow butterscotch pudding is the pudding that thousands
 call the best of all.
 [Music]
 If your doorbell rings tonight, when you answer it and find no one there,
 you remember that this is Halloween and that you too were a chance for yourself.
 And you might suspect Henry Aldrich of having something to do with the prank, because he's a real boy from your own neighborhood.
 Tonight we find Henry in the Aldrich living room with his friend Toby.
 Gee whiz am I bored?
 Same here, Henry.
 How could a thing like this happen, Toby? A Halloween in the two of us are dead broke.
 Gee, I thought I'd never lived to see a thing like this happen.
 Wouldn't you think, Toby, that there'd be at least one thing a person could do on Halloween without its costing money?
 money. That's what you'd think. How about going over and getting even with Mr.
 Tarbell for what he did a year ago? How? Well we could think of something. I'll tell
 you what. If we could get his front steps loose from the porch we could hide them.
 No, tell me. But Henry, then when he comes out and starts to go down the steps you
 wonder where they are. Who will wonder where what is? Oh is that you father?
 You're not going to touch anyone's front steps. How do you know about that? I'm
 I'm psychic.
 Halloween or no Halloween, you boys are not to touch any private property.
 Henry, are you in the living room?
 Yes, mother.
 She was father.
 Toby and I don't want to just sit around and look at each other all evening.
 How would you like to have me make some candy?
 Mother candy.
 Everybody else is out doing things and we sit home and make candy.
 Well, if you'd planned ahead, you'd have enough money to go to a den.
 I did plan ahead.
 I told you several weeks ago that my allowance is an adequate.
 Yes.
 Henry, what do you say we'd get our hats and go out for a little stroll?
 All right.
 You aren't going to play any practical jokes on anyone, are you?
 Oh, oh no, Mr. Olvich.
 We're just going out for the fresh air and maybe ring one or two doorbells.
 Henry, you're not going to ring any doorbells.
 But, Mother, what harm can come from innocently ringing just one doorbell?
 That's wrong 50 million times in the year anyway.
 Because most people don't like it.
 Henry, the minute you begin to trespass, you're liable to run into trouble.
 They're named one thing that could happen from sticking a pin into a doorbell
 Aside from the fact that it's going to ring for a while. I'm not going to argue
 Probably I don't think I'll go out. No wall here ever since way back. I've been looking forward to tonight
 And now it's here and I can't even stick a pin in a doorbell
 Sam if Henry didn't actually stick a pin in it couldn't he ring just one bell?
 It's entirely up to you, Alice. All we do is ring it and run father. Don't look at me, son
 I'm only your father. I don't see what fun that could be in at least my whole year wouldn't be ruined
 Well, could you ring a bell when no one is home?
 mother
 Right if it'll make you any happier go out and ring one bell we can father we can't just told me come on
 Okay, I don't see what fun you'll get brother at least we can say we've done it
 Henry I've got an idea what my folks didn't say I couldn't ring more than one. I'll tell you
 I'll do the ringing and you do the running.
 Okay, let's ring Mr. Edwards's bell first.
 [MUSIC]
 John.
 John Edwards, are you out there on the porch without any hat on?
 I am.
 I was just out to look at the car.
 Someone has taken the battery out of it.
 You suppose you could have done a thing like that?
 Oh, some Halloween hootlem.
 I tell you, Phoebe, this town has reached a nice state of affairs.
 Well, come in and close the door before you catch pneumonia.
 You know what I think I'll do.
 I'll just wait inside the door and see whether anyone comes back.
 I'll get my cane too.
 The next boy that comes up on this porch is going to get the tanning of his life.
 Yes, dear.
 Toby.
 Toby.
 What?
 He's going in.
 Come on up on the porch.
 What were they talking about Henry search me? Let's write a note and pin it to the door. Okay. Got a pencil?
 No, here's my fountain pen
 Listen Toby. Let's just ring the bell and run. Let me ring it. No Toby. This is the only one I can ring
 You can ring the next one. No besides mr. Edwards was my idea. Here we go Toby. I'm gonna ring it
 Do you hear anyone coming?
 No, I'd better ring it again
 Run Toby run I am
 Quick Toby talk around the stock the house. I'm with you. I'm with you. Hey stop
 Oh boy, oh boy, what's that?
 I'm all right. Just knocked over an ash can come on. I care for this great lover
 There goes mr. Edwards over
 Toby
 Help
 I'm went out through these trees Toby if he catches you Henry don't give you a right name whose name should I give
 Take one off. What was that? That was Mrs. Edwards.
 Look, Toby, here's a hole or something we can hide in.
 Yeah, where? Right here in the ground.
 Oh, she was way too big. What's the matter?
 It's an old wall. It's an old well.
 Well, this is a nice time to tell me.
 What's the matter?
 I dropped my fountain pen in it.
 Toby, he's coming.
 Poured us.
 He went right on.
 Boy, that was close.
 Let's be determined and get out of here.
 What, Henry, I dropped my fountain pen.
 That's so important.
 My mother just bought it for me.
 She whizzed, I can't go home without my fountain pen, Henry.
 How are we gonna get it?
 It's way down at the bottom of the wheel.
 Well, there's an old chain here.
 It's hanging right straight down.
 Is it fastened here at the top?
 Sure. Right to this piece of iron.
 Wait a second, I'll roll up my trousers.
 You better take the morph toby, then you won't get them wet.
 Sure, and hold my coat, too.
 John!
 John!
 Hey, what is it?
 Did you find it?
 Go on, kid.
 Toby.
 Did you look in the kid out beyond the well?
 I'm just coming from there.
 Well, come back in the house, man.
 Oh, I can say, here's they must have disappeared right into the ground.
 It's okay, Toby. You can go down now.
 Look out while I go over the edge.
 Are you sure you can get up again?
 Why not? All I have to do is hang on to this chain and climb right up the side.
 So long, Henry.
 Hang on.
 Hang on, tight old boy.
 Gee, where's...
 What's the matter?
 So what's the matter?
 There's something tied part way down on the chain.
 What is it?
 It's an automobile battery.
 A battery?
 What's it doing down there?
 How should I know?
 And the chain ends right here.
 We're done?
 Can you jump the rest of the way?
 What do you mean jump?
 It's so dark down here I wouldn't know when I got to the bottom.
 Oh, here's the trouble.
 It's up here.
 Some of the slack is hooked onto a bolt.
 I'll see whether I can lose to it.
 Let it out easy, Henry.
 Don't worry, Toby. You don't think I'd let you fall, do you?
 Toby.
 Oh, Toby.
 Toby, where are you?
 I thought you were my friend.
 I couldn't help it.
 Toby, can you float?
 How can you float in four inches of water?
 Well, did you get your pen and come on up?
 You're crazy. There's nothing to take a hold of.
 - Fan on the battery and reach.
 - I can.
 - Well, G-Tobe, I'll have to get you out somehow.
 Wonder whether I can find a ladder anyplace.
 - Ask Mr. Edwards whether he has one.
 - Sure, do you think I'm crazy, Toby?
 - Well hurry up and get a ladder someplace.
 - Look, there's the lid to the well up here.
 - Well, what about it?
 - You want me to put it over the top so you won't get cold?
 - No, just get me a ladder.
 - Do you want your pants and coats?
 - Just throw down my coat.
 - Okay, here it comes.
 I'll get the latter that's in our garage, Toby.
 And if anybody speaks to you, don't answer.
 (upbeat music)
 - Santa, has Henry come in yet?
 - Not yet.
 - It seems as though it's taking him
 an awfully long time during one doorbell.
 - Do you realize, Alice, this is the first Halloween
 no one has bothered us?
 - Certainly do.
 You put all the H cans in.
 I put them in the basement.
 What was that?
 Something out in the back.
 Sam, Sam, it sounds like one of the garage doors.
 You suppose anyone's getting in there?
 Listen, dear.
 Come with me.
 Where?
 Let's go out to the kitchen and look through the window.
 Is the kitchen light on?
 No.
 I want you to see it.
 Sam, someone is in the garage.
 Stand back from the window.
 Can you see them?
 That is.
 Someone is coming out of the garage with our big ladder.
 Sam, who did you?
 I think that's the limit.
 I'm going down the cello stairs here and slip out to the basement door.
 Who might not go out the back door?
 This way I can hit him off in the driveway.
 Shall I turn the light on?
 No, no, don't turn the light on.
 I can see quite all right.
 Hey!
 Hey!
 Sam, what have you done?
 I forgot I put the ash hands down here.
 Well, my goodness, dear, the ash is all over my cello floor.
 Yes, so am I.
 Turn on the light.
 Sam, you better come back up here and get your hat and coat.
 You want whoever it is to get away?
 Is that later more important than your health?
 Now, come back up here.
 All right, if you've already gone out toward the street in a town this size and you can certainly track down someone with a ladder
 You say the battery was taken right out of your car mr. Edward yes officer, but you didn't see any
 Not until a few minutes later two boys come up on the porch and rang the bell and I chased them right around here through the
 a great barber.
 And were they carrying the battery?
 Well, I couldn't say.
 Well, whoever stole it is going to be apprehended and punished.
 The young fellows here have got to respect private property.
 Oh, they don't stop at anything.
 I even found a pair of somebody's trousers back here.
 You better take them down to headquarters.
 Why?
 One minute.
 What's up?
 Stand back there under the street.
 You see out there toward the street.
 Somebody coming?
 Somebody with a ladder is coming right this way.
 I know, keep quiet, keep quiet, and when he passes I nap.
 - Just a minute, dear young man. - Oh, jeez, who said that?
 - One minute, I said. - Yes, sir.
 - Is there something you wanted? - Where did you get that ladder?
 - At home. - I asked you, where did you get it?
 - I brought it from home, sure I did. I give you my word, I did.
 - Oh, so we're gonna have trouble with you. Where's the battery?
 - The battery? What battery? - The battery that disappeared from my car.
 - I haven't even seen any battery. - What's your name?
 Why, uh, what is it? It's a...
 - A hurry. - Harry, what?
 Harry Ambrose.
 Where are you taking that ladder?
 Well...
 Not any place in particular.
 I just...
 Just happen to be carrying it with me.
 Just giving this a nailing.
 Aye, taking it out for a walk.
 Yes, sir.
 Well, Mr. Edward, what do you think we ought to do with him?
 It's, uh...
 90 days for a large knee in an office.
 90 days in jail for taking my own father's ladder?
 That's what it is.
 Well, but I've got a friend, S
 Well, suppose you leave that ladder here.
 But I'll get the duchess, if I don't take it back home.
 You'll get 90 days, Harry Ambrose, if you don't put it down.
 Yes, sir.
 Now get home with you.
 It should have been an embedd an hour ago.
 Yes, only I don't know what my friend will do without me.
 And ladies and gentlemen, this being Halloween, I'd like to tell you a ghost story.
 The story of Edgar the gloomy ghost.
 Edgar, it seems, was very fond of nice desserts at dinner.
 But his wife, Phyllis the Phantom, kept serving him just ordinary desserts.
 As a result, Edgar went around moaning and groaning like this.
 Then one day Edgar's wife bought some jello vanilla pudding at the ghost to restore.
 And now Edgar is just as cheerful as can be.
 No longer does he go around moaning.
 Now he has a warm, likable laugh like this.
 [Laughter]
 So, you see, just in case that germite drop in, ladies and gentlemen,
 always keep jello vanilla pudding on hand.
 It's rimful of pimping flavor as smooth as rich cream
 and extra good when garnished with nuts, marshmallows, or fruit.
 My own favorite is jello vanilla pudding with sliced bananas,
 but served anyway at all, it's bram.
 Order this delightful ready prepared dessert and start right away to enjoy the luscious flavor of jello vanilla pudding.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Albridge, if being Halloween Henry and his friend Toby set out to ring just one doorbell and come home.
 However, one thing leads to another until Toby was left stranded at the bottom of a well.
 And Henry is attempting to rescue it.
 Good evening. Oh, is that you out there Henry Alders?
 Good evening, Mrs. Lockbridge. Could I borrow a real strong rope from you?
 A real strong what, dear? A rope. I need about 15 feet of very strong rope.
 Oh, would the be the clothesline help him?
 No ma'am, I have a friend that's in a well.
 Oh, look at that, quite a Halloween joke, isn't it?
 No ma'am, I'm trying to get my friend out.
 friend out. Well, how did he get in it? He was looking for his
 fountain pen. Well, why don't you try one of the other houses in
 the neighborhood? I have, I have, but every doorbell I've rung so
 far the people chased me. Don't say so. Yes, ma'am, that's how I
 got a little wet like this. Goodness gracious, how did you get
 that when? They poured a bucket of water on me from the second floor
 window. Well, it's common to think of it, Henry. We have a good
 long toed-up out in the car. You have? Yes, sir. You'll find the
 car right out there in front. Right down the curb away. That's
 right. Okay. If I remember, the roast a little bit
 That's all right. It can certainly hold Hobi.
 Well, I find it in the front or the rear of the car.
 You have to look there.
 Yes, this is the car.
 Oh, my gosh.
 That's funny.
 All right, young fella. What are you trying to get away with?
 What's that?
 Did you think I didn't see you?
 It was like, oh, my car.
 What were you doing in my car?
 I've got a friend that's in a well.
 Yeah?
 But you see, Mrs. Lockbridge gave me permission to open this car.
 This is Lockbridge did.
 This is Lockbridge did.
 It's her husband.
 Well, it just happened to be my car and I live right here in this house.
 You do?
 You mean this other car here is Lockbridge?
 And I suppose you're going to tell me,
 Mrs. Lockbridge gave you permission to let all the air out of my tires.
 Are they flat?
 What do you think I was watching out the window for?
 Well, you certainly have my sympathy.
 [SOUND]
 Here you are.
 What's that?
 It's a pump.
 Get to work.
 But she was, I'd give you my word while I was looking for it with a piece of rope so I could pull my friend out.
 Maybe you'd like to have me turn you over to the police, my boy.
 Oh, no.
 Are you going to hook that pump onto the valve?
 Yes, sir.
 What's your name?
 Well, it's, um, it's, uh, which tire do you want me to pump up first?
 I asked her your name.
 It's Harry Ambrose.
 Harry Ambrose, eh?
 Yes, sir.
 Well, your family ought to be ashamed of you.
 Yes, sir.
 They certainly ought to be.
 I'm going in and keep an eye on you from the house.
 And don't forget, there's a street lamp right here and I can see every move you make.
 Yes, sir.
 If I hadn't been a boy once myself, I'd come to open the law.
 Yes, sir.
 I'll be with you.
 I'll be with you.
 Henry?
 Henry, is that you popping up those tires?
 Father, where did you come from?
 I'm looking for our ladder.
 And may I first ask you to come back to the house?
 I'm not going to be here.
 Henry?
 Henry, is that you popping up those tires?
 Father, where did you come from?
 for our ladder and may I first ask what you're doing father I wish you go in and
 tell the man that owns this car that he has no right making me do this I already
 happened to ask you to I was opening his car saying done didn't you come up to
 ring just one doorbell that's all I did do having excuses I'm those tires up and
 take your money where are you going to find a family by the name of Ambrose of
 Ambrose Ambrose I tracked a boy by that name as far as Mr. Edward house you don't
 happen to know him do you Harry Ambrose you know him well I think I
 heard of him but he's no friend of mine father hurry up and pretty so tired but
 listen father
 let me hide behind your car who's that it's not you Henry but you who here Henry
 hold it what is it to red land what am I to do with it I told it Henry I'm in a
 hurry but I don't want this Homer so there you are who you were the lantern
 come along with me my boy
 (upbeat music)
 - You're waiting till I get even with you, Homer.
 - You got away from him, didn't you, Henry?
 - I got away from him, but look at what he did to my co-helm.
 I gonna get this sleeve back on.
 - Aren't I gonna help you get Toby out of the well?
 - Yes.
 - And didn't I get this robe for you?
 - Where did you get it?
 - Isn't it a beauty, Henry?
 I found it over here on Walnut Street.
 - What I mean, Homer is who's was it?
 - Nobody.
 We're just roping off a new sidewalk that had been laid this afternoon.
 Listen Homer, I'm not going to use it.
 We aren't going to keep it, Henry. It's just to get Toby out.
 But Homer, I don't think we should use it.
 All right then. All right.
 Not so loud, Homer.
 Do you see somebody?
 We're right here by Mr. Edwards' house.
 Oh, come on now, Homer. I'm following back to the well.
 Why don't you want to disturb Mr. Edwards, Henry?
 Well, if he's going to sleep, there's no sense in waking him up as then.
 Come on back through this great barber.
 I'm coming. Where is the well?
 It's right ahead here.
 Someplace.
 Can't you find it?
 It's strange.
 She was done falling window.
 Oh, here it is.
 And Toby.
 Toby, are you all right?
 Help me.
 Who is that?
 It's Henry and Homer.
 Well, you're the only one that haven't been here before.
 Who else has been here?
 Everybody.
 And they all threw something down.
 The last time it was a bushel of apple.
 Are you all right, Toby?
 How could I be?
 Get me out of here.
 We're letting a rope down now, Toby.
 Here, Henry, I'll help you.
 Is it down yet, Toby?
 No.
 It's coming.
 Homer, have you got the end?
 What end, Henry?
 Of the rope.
 The end down here.
 Witch end.
 Both ends.
 Well, she whiz, Homer, if you are in a hell.
 Toby, throw one end up here.
 Oh, my God, I do that.
 Just throw it right straight up.
 Here it comes.
 Where is it?
 Around my neck.
 Henry, I've got an idea. Look out.
 What are you going to do?
 How about dropping this rock down and letting him tie the rope to it?
 And then throw it up?
 Now listen. Don't throw anything more down here.
 There isn't any more room.
 Henry, do you think you could hold my hand while I go down part way?
 How would you get the rope?
 Well Toby could tie it to my foot.
 Sure, and then I'll pull you back up.
 take it easy now we like it over the edge okay have you got a good hold yeah
 what's that coming down don't worry it's Homer don't jump Homer what do you think
 I am are you sure you gotta hold me Henry sure easy now easy I only had
 something to hang on to this is the next time to think of that don't worry Homer
 I've got you wait my arms coming right out how much lower is it wait a second
 and I'll tie the rope on Homer's foot.
 You got it?
 - Come on, I'll sure I think you're off this way.
 - I ain't coming.
 - Oh, she was.
 - What's that?
 - Keep quiet.
 Oh boy.
 Oh boy.
 (upbeat music)
 - Gee, if they had come two feet closer,
 they would have fallen right in with us.
 - That would have been good.
 Well, we got you out, Toby,
 even if we did have a hard time finding my father's ladder.
 Toby we got you away from Mr. Edward's house, but I still haven't got any pants Henry
 Oh, just walk along as though you are coming home from a party
 Boy is this heavy is what heavy listen Toby. What are you carrying this battery? Well Jean Whiz Toby? What do you bring that for?
 I didn't even know I had it
 Well, we've got to take that right back to Mr. Edward all the way sure
 What do you think we hold it out for we get caught with it? We'll get six months in jail here Homer
 How would you like to carry it?
 I don't want it.
 Let Henry carry it.
 Toby, don't try to shirk responsibility.
 Well, you fellas are going to go back with me.
 I'm not going alone.
 Come on.
 It was-- who's that come?
 Where?
 Down here on the corner.
 He's coming right toward us.
 Isn't that a policeman?
 I think it is, Henry.
 Let's turn around and go the other way.
 That's what I say.
 No.
 We'll walk right along as though we were heading for a--
 Rod.
 Sure.
 Oh, sure.
 Our battery ran down and we're going to get it recharged.
 But I still haven't got any pants.
 Let's see, fellas.
 Look ahead there.
 Where? There's another policeman and he's walking right toward us.
 So long, Toby.
 Now wait, Henry, you can't leave me flat like this.
 I've got to get rid of this battery.
 So put it down someplace.
 Sure, I'm supposing he saves me.
 I've got an idea. You see that car parked there by the curb?
 Yeah.
 We'll put it inside. Just dump it through the window.
 Henry, you've got a head on you.
 Come on, how will I be? I've been between these two houses.
 Boy, if they see it.
 Okay.
 Wait for me.
 Well, hurry up.
 Quiet.
 Police are going by.
 Do you think they saw us?
 No.
 They're not even looking this way.
 Say fellas.
 You know what I just happened to think?
 What?
 I left my fountain pen down in the well.
 - Say, Gee whiz. - What's the matter?
 That car we put the battery in.
 What about it?
 Somebody just drove off in this.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Is that you Henry?
 Yes mother.
 Will you please tell me where you've been all evening?
 Just that with Toby.
 Fooling around.
 Well come into the living room.
 I've got to make a phone call first mother.
 Hello operator.
 Then I'll be right there.
 Operator could you get me?
 It's right here in the book.
 It's um, it's Elm 36.
 Henry!
 Mother father isn't in yet anything.
 No, he isn't.
 Oh, hello.
 Hello, is this Mr. Edwards?
 Well, Mr. Edwards, this is to inform you that if you will notify the police
 to look for a car number T765, I think, or maybe it was T5 something,
 anyhow, in it you'll find your battery.
 What's that?
 This is just a friend, Mr. Edwards, who happened to be passing by your house a
 little while ago.
 Henry!
 Goodbye.
 Henry!
 I'm coming, mother.
 Where's your coat there?
 I just hung it up in the closet.
 Well, did you ring your doorbell?
 Yes, mother.
 I rang it.
 Did you find it worthwhile?
 Well, to be honest, I think I'm getting a little too old to be doing things like that.
 Where's my Latin?
 Well, it's Henry in...
 Yes, Sam.
 He's sitting here studying.
 Where have you been?
 I found the ladder, but not the boy.
 Then what on earth do you have all of your shoes?
 That is cement.
 They laid a new sidewalk over town
 and didn't even bother to rope it off.
 Well, don't get it all over the carpet.
 What do you think I found a few minutes ago?
 What?
 A battery in the backseat of my car.
 (audience laughing)
 A battery phone?
 Tomorrow morning, Henry, you call up the police
 and find out who lost it.
 I, Father.
 And then after you've done that,
 you can go over to Mr. Edwards and get our ladder.
 Yes, Father.
 I wonder why people think Halloween is a time for fun.
 [Music]
 Henry Aldrich will be back in just a moment.
 And when you make out the grocery list for tomorrow,
 be sure to include several packages of jello pudding.
 They're easy to make, inexpensive, and really delicious.
 Ask a grocer for all three flavors, yellow chocolate pudding, yellow vanilla pudding, and
 yellow butterscotch pudding.
 Yellow puddings are made by the makers of jello, so you know they're good.
 [Music]
 The night helps me singing the next week to help.
 [Applause]
 Listen in again next Thursday evening to the Aldrich family and to the Maxwell House Coffee
 time program which immediately preceded on most of these stations
 a solid hour of sparkling radio entertainment every Thursday night
 the old rich family starring as the stone is written by Clifford Goldsmith
 original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller
 and this is Harry Vansell bidding you all good night
 [Music]
 It's your grocer folks, calling out to let you know about our special this week on Birds
 Eye Quick Frozen Haddock Phillip. Say what really good Haddock it is too, chalk full of that
 fresh taste in deep sea flavor, and don't bother to look for any bones, because birds
 The harak is all clean and bone for you ready for the pain.
 By birds I harak fillets tomorrow.
 They're specially low priced all this week.
