 Now it's the Aldrich family on NBC. But first this is Bob McKenzie, beginning Monday over most of these stations, two of your favorite NBC friends will be coming to you at a new time.
 The first will be Bob Hope and his quips and comments, and by the way Bob's guest editor this coming week will be Screenstar and Baxter.
 The second will be that master of the easy style Dave Garaway.
 Now a lot of us have gotten into the habit of tuning in the boys, so check your
 newspaper for broadcast times and listen at the New Time Monday for two of the
 most entertaining 15 minutes in radio with Bob Hope and Dave Garaway. Now it's
 the Aldrich family on NBC.
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming Mother!
 Yes, it's the Audrey family, it's time.
 Written by Pippa Goldsmith.
 The everyday existence of an average teenage boy like Henry Aldrich
 is always a very complicated affair.
 Life is one crisis after another.
 And if the normal run of problems isn't baffling enough,
 there are always adults around to make things even more difficult.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich Breakfast Nook, and the time is morning.
 Well, Stan, it's good to have you downstairs again.
 Thank you, Alice.
 Good morning, everybody.
 Can we don't you know you shouldn't whistle?
 Well, not Mary.
 Don't you realize Father's just recovering from a virus attack?
 Oh. Did it disturb you, Father?
 Well, I did feel a slight draft.
 Sam, I just happened to remember.
 What have you got in your hand?
 I forgot to take your temperature before you came down.
 Alice, you're not going to take my temperature at the breakfast table.
 But, dear, I really think we should.
 I haven't had any temperature for three days.
 Father, is there anything I can do for you?
 No, thank you, Mary.
 [whistling]
 Henry!
 Oh, she was, I forgot.
 Sam, take this scarf and pull your bathrobe collar up.
 Alice, I don't need anything more around my neck.
 Can I get you anything, Father?
 No, thank you.
 I just wish you'd all stop acting so I would die.
 After all, I'm out of bed.
 Back the doctor says I can stay downstairs two hours today.
 May I have the hotcakes and sausage, please?
 Nia, dear.
 Why can't I have hotcakes and sausage?
 because milk toast is better for you.
 That's all I've had for five days.
 Well, there if you continue to improve
 how would you like a boiled potato for dinner?
 That is certainly something to look forward to.
 If I eat my milk toast this morning,
 I may have a boiled potato tonight.
 Harry!
 Oh, I'm sorry, Mary.
 Can't you see that father's already irritable?
 What do you mean I'm irritable?
 Oh, by the way, Mary, when you come home this afternoon,
 Will you be sure to put the vegetables on in time for dinner?
 Oh, but Mother, I've got to run over to the hospital this afternoon.
 The hospital, Mary?
 Yes, Henry.
 Any reason why Joe Graham can't come over here?
 Father, he's an intern.
 He only has two hours off, and I told him I'd meet him there instead of his coming all the way over here.
 Well, and Henry, you'll have to get the vegetables ready when you get home from school.
 Yes, Mother.
 Must Henry get the vegetables ready?
 Oh, my goodness, Sam.
 I don't know why you can't peel a few potatoes and drop them in a pod.
 After all, I promised to work at the Red Cross today.
 I'm going to be left alone all day.
 Henry, didn't Mary ask you not to hear so?
 Oh, yes, Mother. I just can't get that tune out of my head.
 And Father, don't you worry about a single thing.
 I'll be home the minute school is out and do anything I can to make you feel better.
 That's fine, dear.
 I'll take you temperature.
 Henry, I don't have a temperature.
 Well, then I'll keep you bundled up.
 I don't want to be bundled up.
 She was, and I'll just peel the potatoes.
 - That was splendid.
 (jazz music)
 - Hey, hold on a second, call me on.
 - Hey, Henry, wait a minute, I'll walk down the hall with you.
 - Well, hurry up, we'll be late for biology.
 - You done your assignment for the day?
 - Well, I sorta glanced through it, Homer,
 but that's all right, I don't have to know it.
 - Well, you mean you don't have to know it.
 - Oh my god, Ms. Walker's system all figured out.
 They haven't you ever noticed what she does?
 Sure. What? Well, she always calls in this alphabetically. That's a fact.
 And last time she stopped way down in the K's.
 Oh no, Henry, you're wrong. She stopped with W.
 And there's only one other person after that before she comes to Aarbridge.
 Are you sure about that, Homer?
 Sure, I'm sure. That's why I studied last night.
 Today she's a synced to calling the A's and the B's.
 Well, she whiz, let me start studying this.
 Well, you haven't time to cram now, Henry. The bell's gonna ring any minute.
 But once, Homer, once back, last November, she got up to W and then started going backwards.
 So how do you know she's gonna do it again?
 She might, Homer. She just might.
 Boy, I pity you if she doesn't though, Henry.
 This is the last period of the day, and she'll make you stay after school.
 But Homer just can't stay after school today.
 Why not?
 We have to go right home and pee on my father.
 What? I mean, the potatoes.
 Well, why do you have to pee on potatoes for?
 Because we're going to eat them.
 Oh.
 Come on, cut it out!
 Homer, you know what I think I better do, maybe?
 Why? Get an excuse to go home and just skip biology.
 Well, you tell Mr. Bradley.
 Well, just tell him frankly that I've got to put the potatoes on.
 But Henry--
 Homer, you go on to class.
 I'm going to go into Mr. Bradley's office here.
 Henry, will they take potatoes for an excuse?
 I don't know why they wouldn't.
 They're perfectly legal.
 Well, so long.
 So long.
 Was there someone you wanted to see, Henry?
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 If you haven't got anything on your mind--
 Yes.
 Come here, Adam.
 Yes, sir.
 Mr. Bradley, I'd like to be excused from biology today.
 You were? What for?
 Well, I've got to help my mother get some vegetables ready.
 I see. You feel vegetables are more important than biology?
 Well...
 But I've also promised to get home and take care of my father.
 Your father's ill?
 Yes, sir.
 How serious is his illness?
 Well, he was running a temperature of 103.
 103?
 Yes, sir.
 That was about four days ago, and nobody knew what it was when I left this morning.
 The doctor wouldn't say it.
 My father wouldn't even let anybody near him with a thermometer.
 Well, I'm sorry to hear that about your father.
 Yes, sir.
 Henry, is there any reason why your mother couldn't prepare the vegetables?
 Well, no, Mr. Bradley. Not under ordinary circumstances.
 But she can today, though. She's out working.
 Working? Your mother's out working, Henry?
 Yes, Mr. Bradley. She feels that at a time like this, it's the least she can do.
 Oh, I didn't know about that.
 Your sister, Mary, isn't working, though, is she?
 No, sir.
 Couldn't she help at home?
 Well, the only trouble is she had to go to the hospital this afternoon.
 To the hospital?
 Yes, sir. To the general hospital.
 Well, I guess there's only one thing we can do under those circumstances.
 I'll write out an excuse for you.
 Well, thank you, Mr. Bradley.
 This all puts quite a responsibility on you, doesn't it, Henry?
 Well, I don't mind, Mr. Bradley, and I'm sure my entire family will appreciate this.
 Well, did I remember your father wasn't present at the luncheon club Monday.
 No, no, Mr. Bradley.
 Come to think of it, I don't believe he was present last week either, was he?
 No, sir. It was just a week ago today he began to go under.
 And how's your mother holding up?
 Well, you know, Mother. Father keeps saying I wish she wouldn't try to be two places at once.
 She'll exhaust herself. And him too.
 Here's your excuse, my boy.
 Well, thanks again, Mr. Bradley.
 And Henry, don't you worry too much about your schoolwork during this.
 No, sir, Mr. Bradley. I'll try not to.
 (music)
 Can I get you anything else, Father?
 No, thank you. I have my book here.
 Is your pillow all right?
 Yes, thank you.
 Here, I'll throw one more blanket over you.
 Henry, I don't want any more blankets.
 Now, please let me read.
 Well, just in case you do want anything, I'll be right here.
 Now, where'd I leave my knife?
 What are you doing peeling potatoes right here next to my bed?
 I spread a newspaper on the floor father.
 You know what father?
 I saw somebody once would take the whole skin off a potato in one long strip.
 Father?
 Mmm.
 Who was it?
 The sailor in the news reel.
 He had a cat too.
 A cat?
 Oh, who has a cat?
 a cat. But say hello. Henry I'm trying to read. Oh excuse me. You know Mr. Bradley's
 a pretty nice guy isn't he? He said he missed you at the luncheon club. Did he? Yes sir.
 He said he hoped we'd all bear up under this. Bear up under one. Well you and bad and meet
 peeling. Father do you like that intern at the hospital Mary's going over to see this
 afternoon I do appreciate your helping but I would like very much to finish this
 book in peace and quiet she was I keep forgetting boy there's the telephone
 that's your mother phoning from the Red Cross tell it to stop and get some
 negative
 hello yes Homer can you come over to my house and work on to bargain no no
 Homer not this afternoon why not because I've got my father on my hands
 For Henry, if we don't finish out to bother him this month, we'll miss all a good sledding.
 Well, wait a minute, Homer, hold the line.
 Father...
 Well...
 Father, would you mind if Homer came over very quietly for a little while?
 I'll be delighted if you stay downstairs.
 See, thanks, Father.
 Homer, you can come over here.
 Okay.
 George Johnson is here with me. I'll bring him along to help.
 And also, Toby Smith.
 Oh...
 Well...
 Alright, Homer.
 And Henry.
 What do you think happened in biology today?
 What?
 Miss Walker didn't even show up. She got the flu.
 - He didn't have any class? - No. Goodbye.
 Well, imagine that. She whiz.
 Hello? Hello?
 - Hello? - Is that you, Johnson?
 Yes. This is Bradley up at the high school.
 - Hi, Bradley. - You're on my committee at the Luncheon Club, aren't you?
 - You're a committee. - The sick committee.
 Oh, yes!
 Johnson, I got some bad news this morning.
 Oh, is it?
 Sam Aldrich.
 He's laid up.
 Sam Aldrich is.
 And just between ourselves, Johnson, it's apparently rather serious.
 No!
 Oh, yes.
 In bed with a high temperature.
 And his wife's out working?
 His daughter's in the hospital.
 Well, she don't say so.
 Yes.
 Evidently from what his son said, the family's been having a hard time just making ends meet.
 But, uh, badly, I just thought Sam Aldrich was pretty well sex.
 So did I.
 probably everything's been piling up until this is what you might call a knockout blow
 well
 and here's what i suggest
 why don't we send flowers to sam and to his daughter too
 good idea
 as she's at the general hospital i believe Henry said
 and would you take care of that johnson i certainly will
 uh... only i have a better suggestion if you don't mind it is instead of sending
 flowers to sam why don't we send something for the whole family say uh...
 basket of canned goods
 you don't think you might hope we don't have to say what came from doing
 Good idea. Take care of it, will you?
 Well, you're by Johnson.
 Come in.
 Are you busy, Mr. Bradley?
 You wish to see me in his rumpoon?
 Mr. Bradley, is there any reason why,
 when the Board of Education buys window shades,
 they can't buy good window shades?
 I beg your pardon?
 I'm speaking of the shades in the school cafeteria.
 Those that are up won't come down,
 and those that are down won't go up.
 Miss Rumford, please sit down a moment.
 Yes, Mr. Bradley.
 That is all you have on your mind.
 But Mr. Bradley, there are fourteen windows in the cafeteria.
 I'm afraid Miss Rumford, some of us don't know what trouble really is.
 But you have Venetian blinds, Mr. Bradley.
 That is not what I'm referring to.
 Miss Rumford, let me tell you about a student in this school.
 His father, we all suppose, was one of the most successful practicing lawyers in town.
 It now appears, however, that the man is in desperate straits.
 What's the matter with him?
 Alas, I heard he had a temperature of 103 that was still rising, and there was a daughter
 in the general hospital, and his mother works out, and the boy himself has to do all the
 cooking for the entire family.
 And yet some of the members of the faculty here have been jumping on the boy for not
 being able to keep his mind on his studies.
 Is that right?
 While the rest of us go around complaining, because a window shade that's down won't go up.
 Hello, Bradley's office.
 Oh, this is Johnson again. I just had another idea.
 Yes, Johnson?
 I've been talking with the rest of the committee.
 Oh, why don't I pick you up, Milgo over and call on Sam Aldrich this afternoon in person?
 Good idea. He's probably all alone.
 Sure.
 Good cheer him up a little.
 Right.
 And Bradley?
 Yes, Johnson?
 Why don't I try rounding up our barbershop quartet?
 [Music]
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 Fight communism by joining the Crusade for Freedom,
 the independent movement of the American people,
 which supports Radio Free Europe and Radio Free Asia.
 These two freedom networks are shattering the isolation
 which the Kremlin has imposed on its slave states.
 As a private enterprise, radio free Europe and radio free Asia can hit hard.
 Exiles speak to their own countrymen, weakening the Red's morale and authority.
 They identify informers, denounce brutality, ridicule and expose the falseness of the
 communist line.
 They spike the hate and lie campaign of the Soviets against the free world, and spread
 news the communist would try to suppress.
 and educational programs meet the spiritual and intellectual needs of its listeners.
 Broadcast to youth tell the truth about communism and the free world. Help build more transmit
 us for Radio Free Europe and expand the operation of Radio Free Asia. Send your contribution
 to crusade for freedom care of your local postmaster.
 [Music]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Because his mother is helping at the Red Cross, and Mary is visiting at the hospital,
 Henry is asked to be excused from school early in order to go home and take care of his father,
 who is recovering from a cold.
 explanations however have been inadvertently misleading
 the scene opens in mister all rages
 father would you like some toast in another cup of tea
 no thank you
 you sure you don't want any i do not want another cup of tea
 you have been very helpful henry all afternoon
 suppose now you take up your potatoes and your pans and your pairing night
 the these two things in that cake in this picture of lemonade
 go downstairs and let me have a little sleep
 and leave you all alone i won't mind one bit
 or g father i don't think mother would want to go to sleep without someone
 right here to take the responsibility
 i won't mention it to your mother
 i'll tell you what i'll do i'll find something you can thump on the floor
 with just in case you need me
 i wonder if there's anything here in this cause
 and then it please just forget i'm even up here
 here father which would you rather have this umbrella or this baseball bat i
 don't care either one
 go ahead tell me after all you're the one that's gonna have to do the
 I said either one.
 Well, I guess the bat would make the most noise.
 Alright, then, give me the bat.
 Oh, here, I'll give you both and you can make your own choice.
 (Laughter)
 Now I'll just take this tree down.
 (Loud clattering)
 What was that?
 The top of the butter dish.
 Oh, well, I'll get it. It's right here by your bed.
 Just leave it there.
 Yes, sir.
 (Loud clattering)
 Right now.
 Whoops!
 So, I'll come back to that one, too.
 You needn't come back for it, just leave.
 And if you don't gotcha gonna drop another--
 I got it.
 You don't have to worry about a thing, father.
 Henry!
 Henry! Henry!
 Henry, old rich!
 That's the fine thing.
 Henry!
 What are you calling our thoughts?
 I was.
 Please answer the telephone.
 Oh, yes sir.
 Then pick up what's left of this letter dish.
 Yes sir.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Who is it?
 What number did you call please?
 Father, what number did you call?
 I didn't call any number.
 Well, I guess you called the wrong one.
 I didn't call any number.
 I didn't call it a number.
 Well, I guess you called it wrong one.
 Operator, it's our mistake.
 Well, isn't that strange?
 Listen, father, why do you think I found downstairs?
 What?
 Well, just as I went down, I had to see somebody running off
 the front porch.
 So I opened the door.
 There was a great big basket of groceries.
 Why did the boy leave them at the front door?
 Well, I don't know.
 It's canned goods and oranges, and there's two chickens.
 Good.
 Apparently your mother's planning
 to have a real dinner for me for a change.
 And right on top of this basket, there was a card.
 What did it say?
 Head up, chin up, chest up, grin.
 Step up, fuck up, step up, grin.
 Why would the grocery leave a message like that?
 Probably the price of chicken is going up again.
 Will you please pick up that broken dish?
 Oh, yes, Father.
 Ouch!
 Well, imagine that.
 What's the matter?
 Oh, it's all right.
 I just cut my finger on a piece of the dish.
 Let me see it. It isn't anything.
 If it's as deep as it looks, you'd better put something on it.
 Well, I get something in the bathroom. Don't worry about it, Father.
 Henry! Henry! Henry!
 Henry, where are my slippers?
 Hello?
 May I speak with Mrs. Orrich please?
 Mrs. Orrich isn't here.
 Is this Mr. Orrich?
 It is.
 Well, this is Miss Runford.
 The cafeteria manager up at the high school.
 Yes?
 Mr. Arbridge, the use of pose Mrs. Arbridge would like a part-time position in our lunch room.
 [laughter]
 - I beg your pardon? - It wouldn't be a great deal of course,
 but she'd get her lunch free, and after all, that would help.
 - Would you say that again very slowly, please?
 - Father, you see the eye alone anyplace? - Henry, I'm talking on the telephone.
 - What was that, Mr. Arbridge? - I'm sorry, but my son is just hurt.
 - Oh, you're some fat too bad.
 My goodness, troubles never come soon, did you, they?
 What was that?
 Why don't I call when Mrs. Aldridge comes in from work and talk to her then?
 That would probably be best.
 Yes, goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Did you realize you're out of bed?
 Did you find the eye out on it?
 No, sir.
 Come into the bathroom with me.
 Why, just look, Father.
 Come with me.
 Who do you suppose that could be at the front door?
 I have no idea.
 Go, I'll go down.
 Hey, Henry.
 Is that you downstairs, Homer?
 Yes, come on down.
 Again, she had a huff in the shot to bother.
 I'm not a bargain!
 I am a bargain!
 No, wait a minute!
 Boy, Toby, you don't know a darn thing about fixing tobogans.
 I sure do, Homer. When you sand the bottom, you gotta hold a sander like this.
 Oh, wait a minute, fellas.
 Look, if we're gonna make any noise, we shouldn't stay here in the living room.
 But Henry, we stopped hammering on the tobogans, didn't we?
 Well, should we, George, only I think my father can still hear us.
 Why don't we go down on the basement?
 Because Homer, I have to be here when my father calls for help.
 Come on, George, why don't we finish the Santa? We're all through.
 Okay, Toby.
 Oh, she wins.
 I'm sorry, father!
 Now, keep it quiet, fellas.
 Toss the football here, Toby.
 Now to me Homer.
 Nice catch George, back to me.
 Here I am Toby.
 Boy, what a pass.
 Here you are Homer.
 Wait, Henry, I'm trying my shoes.
 Oh, she whizzed.
 I'm sorry, Father.
 Here's the rest of the string beans, Henry.
 Chief, I'm sure.
 Can we all throw here in the kitchen?
 Sure, Homer, the potatoes are peeled, the lettuce is washed,
 and the string beans are strong.
 Well, we put 'em.
 Oh, yeah.
 I told me, would you reach up in that cupboard and get that big pot?
 Well, I'll get it, Hen.
 No, you two sure are Homer.
 Let's hold it!
 Oh, gee whiz.
 We're sorry, Mr. Hollerish!
 Father!
 Father, did you know you knocked some plaster out of the ceiling?
 What's that? Goodbye, dear, all of it!
 Hello there, Henry.
 She wears Mr. Bradley.
 Howdy, son.
 How do you do, Mr. Johnson?
 You don't suppose we could step upstairs and say hello to your father, could we?
 Why? Why?
 See, you sleep.
 Henry!
 No, I guess he isn't.
 No, he is.
 We go right up these stairs here.
 Yes, sir. We're right up there.
 Now don't you overdo, Henry.
 You've got quite a load there these days and those shoulders of yours.
 Aye.
 Sam's place is certainly run down.
 Did you see that broken window?
 I know. And plaster all over the floor.
 And now tell you the Sam Lord boy's home.
 It's only us, Sam.
 Oh, a committee from the luncheon club.
 Whoa, a junction!
 Hello, Bradley, how do you happen to come over?
 Just thought we'd drop in and see how you are.
 Well, I must have stepped on a plate here on the floor.
 Didn't Henry pick that up?
 Oh, that's all right, Sam.
 Sleeping dogs lie, eh?
 Well, sit down, sit down.
 Oh, we can't stay but a minute, Sam.
 Hey, don't step on that piece of code.
 Yes, thanks for the warning.
 You know, Sam, I can say it sincerely.
 You never looked so well on your life.
 - And I feel well, I feel fine.
 - Oh, I was keeping up the old spirits.
 - You're not worried, are you?
 - Who I worried?
 - You tried to round out the barbershop quartet for you.
 - Well, I never felt better than the barbershop quartet.
 - Sam, why didn't you let us know about all this?
 - Well, I figured it was one of those things.
 I'd better grin and bear it alone.
 - It's not like them raffy.
 The same old Sam.
 Sam, they say it never rains, but it pours.
 But remember this?
 That always shines afterwards.
 Yeah.
 Well...
 I suppose we'd better be going.
 Yes, Bradley. We probably tired him as it is.
 - You've tired me. - Goodbye, Sam.
 Take care of yourself.
 Well, I certainly appreciate your coming over.
 - And don't worry, Sam. - I never worry. Goodbye.
 There, Johnson is a man of courage.
 He's still a young, Bradley.
 Bigorous you can start all over say let's go back to this room for a minute
 What for no reason why I can't throw a little business as way as there
 Sam oh did you leave something?
 As soon as you get on your feet old man drop into my office. I'd like to have a little talk with you
 Oh certainly I'd be glad to give you any help I can
 Bradley
 Well, Mrs. Allridge you're looking well and how is Sam feeling have a nice quiet day dear
 Quiet isn't the word or you're not used to being alone Sam. How do you like my new coat? Oh you bought that coat today?
 Yes, dear. I worked so hard. I had to do something to cheer myself up. Well, Mrs. All read you it's very good looking
 Yes, it certainly is Alice. Where'd you get enough money to pay for it?
 I charged it but looking for I brought you Sam to make up for it. What is it some travel folders?
 I think it'd do you a world of good dear if you took a trip to South America South America South America South America
 Yes, how could I possibly afford a trip to South America?
 I go with you.
 Oh, it's not like a brat.
 No matter how things look, she's always the one to joke about it.
 Hello, Father.
 How do you do, Mr. Johnson?
 Mr. Bratter.
 How do you do, Mary?
 Father, look at the lovely flowers that were sent to me at the hospital.
 Do you?
 Yes.
 And it's the strangest thing all the cards said was to a brave little girl.
 Probably Joe Graham sent them to use a joke.
 Mary, are you home from the hospital for good?
 For good?
 How long were you there?
 About three-quarters of an hour.
 Well, isn't that fine?
 Why don't we all sit down? I confess I'm a little tired.
 Have a hard day, Alex.
 I wouldn't work this hard for anyone but the Red Cross.
 Mrs. Orrich, did you say the Red Cross?
 Yes, with a war in Korea, it's the least anyone can do.
 Yes, you've been working at the Red Cross.
 He and I certainly have.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, isn't that pie?
 Bradley, I think maybe we better be going.
 Yeah.
 Mother, did you order that big basket of groceries down in the kitchen?
 What basket?
 I'm sure the store must have sent them by mistake.
 Mary, supposing you give us that basket and let us return it to the store for you.
 Oh, would you mind Mr. Bradley? Somebody must have gotten things confused.
 Yeah, somebody must have.
 Well, goodbye Sam.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Alice, I don't know what the make of all this.
 Make a what's happened?
 Mother, father, what do you think's just been delivered?
 What?
 A ton of coal.
 And there's another poem with it.
 I didn't order any coal.
 It's from the Centerville Luncheon Club.
 Sam, will you please tell me what's going on here?
 Will someone please tell me why those two men acted as though I'm dying?
 That's what I say.
 This afternoon when I went into Mr. Bradley's office, you didn't even know you'd been sick.
 Henry, when you went in there, what did you say to Mr. Bradley?
 Nothing. I just told him I had appealed to potatoes.
 Mother, Ms. Rumford just arrived to help us get dinner.
 Get dinner? Our dinner?
 Yes, she said father told her on the phone that Henry was hurt.
 Sam, what did you say to Ms. Rumford?
 Call us before this goes any further. Get me some aspirin and an ice bag.
 In these days of world crisis, when our nation and its citizen needs spiritual strength and guidance,
 All of us should think about what religion means to us and to our country.
 More than anything else, it is religious faith
 that makes our way of life possible and worthwhile.
 During this month of November, people of many faiths are joining in a great religion in American life campaign.
 Wherever you are, whatever your faith may be, you're asked to join in this campaign.
 Take your problems to church this week. Millions lead them there.
 Henry, you peeled the potatoes very well. Thank you, Mother. Now, who could that be?
 Gagrocy father. You're tired, aren't you, Sam? That is an understatement. It's been
 a hard day, Alice. All I want now is a little quiet. Well, you can go to bed right after
 dinner dear father yes and re there are four men out in the porch and one of them
 has a pitch pipe
 the Aldrich family is transribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are house Jameson and Catherine Roth
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 Listen again next week, same time, same station for another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich
 family.
 Good night, everybody.
 Tonight it's the Phil Harris-Alice Day show on NBC.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
