 Henry! Henry Oldry coming, mother!
 The Oldry family written by Clifford Goldsmith and starring as Ristone. Entertainment for
 all the family brought to you by Postam, attempting wholesome drink for all the family. Postam.
 Friends, welcome once again to a visit with the Aldrich family. And since this program
 as intended primarily for your amusement, we hope there's nothing to interfere with
 your sitting back and enjoying the fun.
 Of course, if something does interfere, if perhaps you're troubled by a touch of indigestion,
 we suggest that for the moment you be practical about it.
 Now while you think of it, consider whether coffee may cause your indigestion, whether
 you wouldn't benefit by drinking post-em instead.
 You see, while coffee is popular with most people, and while many people can drink it
 without feeling distress, many others cannot.
 So by all means, if you think coffee upsets you, switch to postam.
 For postam contains no stimulants, nothing upsetting in any way.
 Just drink fragrant flavorful postam instead of coffee, and see if before long your indigestion
 hasn't gone, see if you don't feel lots more humid again, after you give postam a fair
 [Music]
 There is a neat white house at 117 Elm Street in Centerville.
 It's the home of the Aldrich's and an average American family.
 Their son Henry is typical of any teenage youngster.
 He's lively, adventurous, a real boy.
 Tonight we find Henry in the living room with his mother and father.
 But why do you say that, dear? Because, mother, because I don't want to get mixed up with anybody.
 But Henry, simply writing a letter to a girl doesn't mean you're in love with her.
 It could be taken that way. And I'm not even interested in her.
 You're not even interested in whom?
 In Darris Townsend, father.
 When did you see her?
 I didn't see her. I had a letter, just a ordinary short letter from her.
 And mother thinks I ought to sit right away and answer it.
 Well, Henry, I think she ought to know the truth.
 The truth about what?
 About me getting married.
 Getting what?
 Married. That's what the letter's about, Father.
 She says, "Dear Henry, we happen to read in the Centerville section of last evening's
 Middletown paper that a Mr. and Mrs. Aldridge announced the engagement of their son.
 Is this you? If so, mother says congratulations.
 Father says, "Who's the lucky girl?" Sincerely, Doris.
 How to thing like that get into the paper.
 It's a very simple mistake, Sam.
 The older Isoil born Maple Street is going to be married sometime next spring.
 Oh.
 And that's why I think Henry should take the time to write to Doris.
 But, Mother, why don't we just put a denial in the paper, then everybody will be satisfied.
 Henry, I think your mother would like you to write a letter.
 But, Father, I'm doing what Nancy Adams writes this minute.
 She's probably sitting over to her house wondering why I'm not there.
 And here I am here.
 But Henry, by this time, you could have had the letter written.
 Not an explain things properly, mother.
 Henry, you're to write the letter tonight.
 Tonight?
 Now.
 Now, Sam, as Nancy Adams is waiting, I don't think it's quite as important as that.
 I thought you wanted him to write it.
 I do, dear, but after all, why can't he be home by 9.30 and write a postcard before he goes to bed?
 Yes, mother. That's the least I can do.
 Are you sure you'll come home early?
 Yes, mother.
 Alice, you don't think you ought to write it before he goes?
 Sam, Henry's promised to be here by 9.30.
 And, G-Father, you know me, when I promise to do a thing, I break my neck doing it.
 [Music]
 Do you really think so, Henry?
 Oh, sure, Nancy. You take any marriage. Gee, the average marriage. I think that when a person's...
 You know what I mean?
 Well, as a matter of fact, Henry...
 Well, I think that you ought to have a diversity of interest.
 - No, you thought about this a lot, haven't you?
 - It's just common sense.
 Suppose a man marries a girl
 and all they both like is the same thing.
 Like, take gardening, for instance.
 I don't know why I take gardening, but some people do.
 And they have one.
 I don't mean a little one naturally, it's a big one.
 Lots of acres, like a ranch.
 Did you know they raised cotton in Arizona?
 - Who does?
 - The people in Arizona.
 - The married people?
 - I guess both kinds, why do you ask?
 - I just wondered whether you know anyone out there.
 No, I just may go to school out there.
 Really, Henry? I know a boy that goes to school there.
 In Arizona?
 Yes, I had a letter from him just day before yesterday.
 Is that right?
 Would you like to have me get it and read you some of it?
 No, I don't believe I'd care to hear it.
 Well, I'm sure you'd be interested, Henry.
 You write beautifully.
 Well, the way I look at it, Nancy,
 if a person gets the idea,
 he has to go all the way to Arizona to go to school.
 I don't think they deserve to have any state.
 You know what I mean?
 No, I don't.
 Well, you take your school.
 Suppose you're not crazy about it. It's not the fault of the government of the state, isn't?
 No.
 Well, there you are. Your father's a taxpayer, isn't he?
 Yes. I never thought of it that way, Henry. Just a second while I answered the phone.
 Have you ever tasted peppermint crunch ice cream?
 No, I haven't. Why?
 They served it in the school cafeteria today. It was pretty good.
 Hello?
 Nancy, this is Homer. Is Henry there?
 Yes.
 Homer, I've got to speak to him.
 Henry?
 Is that my mother?
 It's Homer, he wants to speak to you.
 Well, Gee whiz, I can't even go visiting without his bothering me.
 Hello?
 Now listen Homer.
 In me I'm in a terrible predicament.
 What's the matter?
 I'm over at your house and I want some help on our Latin assignment.
 Well, I can't come home just for that Homer.
 But in me I have to have it.
 My father says I've been fiddling around too much in Latin.
 But Gee whiz, I don't have to be home until 930 and even then I'm going to be very busy writing a postcard.
 Alright, here.
 All right. If you want to put Nancy Adams in your correspondence ahead of my homework, all right.
 You mean you're going home again?
 No, always.
 But your father said to be here not a second later than 9.30.
 Well, G.I'll be there. I've got plenty of time.
 No, I'm...
 Henry, you threw?
 Sure.
 I just ran up to get some of Dick's letters.
 Who's Dick?
 You're so interested in Arizona, I thought you'd like to have me read some parts of them.
 Did he write all the letters in that bumble?
 I'd been writing ever since last Christmas when I met him.
 Oh.
 I don't think he's missed a week since then.
 Here's what about Arizona's irrigation ditches.
 To you?
 Yes.
 Very interesting.
 He says, "My dear Nancy, did I see a ditch today?"
 It began miles and back of me and came up to me and then what as far as the eye of man could reach.
 When one realizes that all of this was done with human hands, it makes one proud to be a member of this human race of ours.
 After that we went dancing and I certainly wished you were there.
 They danced in the ditch?
 That was afterwards. And then he goes on to say...
 What?
 Oh, my goodness, I can't read you that.
 Oh?
 Here's one. Well, well, Nancy, here I am writing again.
 Didn't you scream at me? You'd certainly die if you ever met him.
 Yeah. It's got a nice sense of humor.
 Your letter came this morning and I have read it at least...
 No, no sense in reading that.
 Now, let's see.
 I have your picture on my bureau.
 No.
 Oh, here's something interesting.
 Here's something wonderful.
 Yesterday a crowd of us saw the Grand Canyon.
 Boy, is that something.
 Is he only interested in ditches?
 He's interested in everything, Henry.
 I'd like to read it yourself only.
 There's some rather personal things in it.
 Naturally.
 Of course.
 Is that clock on the mantle, right?
 Yes, I think so.
 Well, gee, I didn't realize it was nearly 8.35.
 You mean you have to go?
 I'll say I have.
 Why so early?
 Well, I've got to help Homer with his Latin, and then I've got to write a long letter.
 Oh.
 Boy, am I ashamed of myself.
 I bet there are at least four letters from this person.
 I haven't even started to answer.
 Well, I'm certainly glad you came over.
 She'll... the person.
 We'll be wondering what's been keeping me.
 Does she live very far away, Henry?
 No, just in the middle town.
 But her family's thinking of moving to California,
 and then of course my letters will have to be longer.
 Well, I'm awfully sorry, you have to go.
 Good night, Nancy.
 And I just want to tell you how much
 I enjoyed hearing your correspondence.
 Wait a second, huh, huh?
 Well, I dropped this postal card in the mail box.
 Tonight's night, isn't it?
 Let's walk back to the house.
 Did you ever notice, Henry, when you look up at the moon,
 it looks as though the clouds were standing still,
 and the moon is watch-moving?
 So what?
 What's the matter with you, Henry?
 Nothing's a matter with me.
 Well, why'd you come home from Nancy so early for?
 Well, you wanted me to help you with your Latin, didn't you?
 She was... you know how many times she's... how many times
 she's gotten letters from him?
 Who's gotten a lot?
 Every week, Homer, every week since last Christmas, all he talks about is ditches.
 So, and in the meanwhile, she goes around leading other people on.
 Into ditches?
 Anybody think that just because somebody you happen to know casually is going to school
 where you aren't going to school, then Gee, was he's pretty wonderful.
 Who is?
 Who cares how deep the Grand Canyon is?
 Do you?
 I ask you.
 I'm going home.
 Well, go ahead.
 And not only that, Homer.
 Nancy's been writing to this guy just as often as he's been writing to his family.
 to her. Oh. Oh. Well do you know what you want to do Henry? Why should I do anything?
 You ought to show her though. All you have to do is write a letter to some other girl
 and leave it lying around when Nancy will see it. You're crazy. You talk as though I
 cared on her. But you leave right out of your hand Henry. My own sister used to do it. She
 did? Sure every week. Did it get results? Well she's married isn't she?
 Mary just from that? Well you don't have to let it go that far if you don't want to.
 The only trouble is I don't know of any of the girl I'd want to write to.
 You don't have to. You aren't going to mail it.
 You're just going to write it and let Nancy see it.
 Now, how about this girl you just mailed a postcard to?
 Darr's Townsend?
 She was home. I could hardly get up enough interest to write that much to her.
 Well, I'll tell you what to say. I remember my sister's letters.
 Only when you write it, Henry, do it on your father's typewriter.
 Don't write it in your own handwriting.
 Why not?
 Because it isn't romantic enough.
 Okay, and I'll type it on some blue paper.
 [Music]
 Have some toast, Alice?
 No, thank you.
 Sam, I'm worried.
 Worried?
 Well, dear, I don't like to mention it, but this morning, when I went in to make Henry's bed, I happened to see a letter. He typed a darst town.
 I thought he was just going to send her a postcard.
 Well, so did I, Sam. I thought the whole thing was just a casual, ordinary bit of correspondence.
 Well...
 Well, Sam, I shouldn't have looked at it, but I couldn't help noticing that the letter began my darling daris.
 What's that?
 That's what it said, Sam. I saw it with my own eyes.
 What else did he say?
 Well, naturally, dear, I didn't read anymore.
 Why not?
 Well, because it was a personal letter.
 But it was your duty as a mother to read it.
 Well, if you must know, I did read the first sentence.
 But that's all.
 What did he say?
 Your letters have been coming through regularly and you will never know how they have changed my entire life.
 You mean that letter she wrote him wasn't the first one?
 No dear. Apparently that's why Doris Townsend was so concerned.
 She was afraid Henry really was engaged.
 You mean you think it's reached that point?
 I know it has. The only thing is why did he insist last night that he didn't want a right to her?
 Well that's obvious Alice. He was trying to cover up that cover up.
 Cover up what?
 I don't know.
 Well Sam I think it's time we did something.
 You see her, Henry?
 Sure, she's sitting right there on the school steps.
 And your letter's right in front of her.
 But what good will it do, Homer?
 You dropped it so darn far from her.
 I dropped it practically at her feet, Henry.
 And look, she's got it.
 She's reading.
 She is old boy.
 Old boy is she going to get a shot.
 Didn't I tell you, Henry?
 The only trouble is, Homer.
 That isn't my letter.
 Mine's still on the ground.
 It is.
 Homer, can you see where the one she's reading is from?
 How could I?
 Well, I can see as it's a fat one.
 A fat one?
 See, I wonder...
 Do you suppose?
 Well, if it is from Arizona, don't let it get your go-head.
 But Homer, she doesn't have to read his letters right here on the school grounds.
 Wouldn't you think she'd have some loyalty to our school?
 Look, Henry, she's standing up.
 Oh boy.
 She's leaning over.
 She...
 Well, she wish she's only tying her shoelace.
 Homer, she blind.
 She's even stepping on my letter.
 Now she's going into the building.
 Quick, Henry, why?
 He'll let us going away.
 Well, she was...
 Homer, you go that way and we'll corner it.
 Hurry up.
 I'm hurrying.
 Where is she, Homer?
 She's right there in the corridor talking to Eleanor.
 Or if you think she saw you when you slipped my letter into her coat,
 pocket, how could she?
 I was talking too fast.
 Well, she certainly can't miss this one.
 And I think it's better than a letter that blew away yesterday.
 Look, Nancy's walking away.
 Well, she puts her hand in her pocket.
 All my troubles will be over.
 The only thing is, Homer, boy, isn't that my letter sticking out of Eleanor's pocket?
 pocket where listen Homer did you put that in the wrong pocket of the wrong
 coat I didn't know they were standing that close together I saw a pocket and
 went up to them we've got to get that away from Illinois I can get it away
 from her Henry we're just catch up with her and as we pass we'll both gently
 bump into our and I'll grab okay Homer but don't trip her quiet and you want
 to hear us I'm not talking too loud Homer come right now we'll give it a
 brush off well gee whiz hello Eleanor hi Eleanor how gee whiz oh brown did you
 hurt yourself Homer I'm awfully sorry if I turned like that I'm going into the
 girls cover me I know what Eleanor pick up my book can we wait wait we don't
 follow her in there you'll be expelled
 - What do you think? - After all, if I were a boy and you were girl as nice as Doris Townsend,
 I think I'd want a picture of her. Wouldn't you, Sam?
 - Uh, wouldn't I, what? - Like a picture of Doris Townsend.
 - Well, yes, of course. - Well, I wouldn't. I just... I just...
 - You just what? I just don't think I like any girls.
 - Not any? - No, from. - Good. That's fine.
 Didn't I hear you using my typewriter upstairs just a few minutes ago?
 - Yes, Father. - What was it you were typing there?
 dear. Why, just something I was doing over, I typed it night before last and it blew away
 yesterday. Then I did another last night and that got lost today through an error. I see. Homework
 dear? Why, in a way you might say it was sort of homework. I was talking with Nancy Adams' mother
 today. She said Nancy is writing to some boy out in a school in Arizona. If I were you, I'd take a
 a little interest.
 Well, I'm not going to waste my time on her mother.
 You'll never find a nicer girl.
 She was, father.
 I have other things to think about besides just girls.
 She was.
 I've got a lot of other things on my mind.
 Where are you going, dear?
 Just upstairs and do a little--
 do a little typing.
 Sam.
 Well--
 If you think you ought to come right out
 and forbid he's writing any more letters to Doris Townsend--
 No, Alice.
 Let's not make matters any worse than they are.
 Much better to be subtle about it.
 You can't tell he may be up in his room
 right this minute wondering whether Doris Townsend is worth it.
 That's the way a boy's mind operates.
 Well, of course, dear, you know more about it than I do.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Oh, Bunch, Bunch, Ralph.
 What do you have, Eleanor?
 Bunch, did you lose a letter?
 No, why?
 You didn't.
 Don't you go around with a girl over in Middletown by the name
 of Darf Townsend?
 Sure, I take her out practically every weekend.
 I don't know how it got there, but I found this letter addressed to her in my
 coop pocket and I thought it was probably yours.
 Let's see it.
 Here you are.
 Oh listen, this isn't any kind of a joke is it?
 Oh no.
 My darling Doris.
 Say, what is this?
 Is it some but you wrote it?
 But getting back to earth, I hope someday I can show you the Mississippi,
 which is 2,470 miles long, reaching at some point to a width of four miles.
 Hey, what I want to know is who wrote this. Where's the end?
 Have you ever noticed on a moonlight night how the clouds seem to stand still
 and the moon zooms along in a breathtaking pace?
 That's how I think of you.
 Oh! Oh, so that too, Rhoda.
 Who did, Rhoda?
 Never mind. He isn't going to live long anyhow.
 [Music]
 Well, poor Henry is certainly having a tough time getting the right letter to the wrong girl.
 And whether he ever will manage it is more than I know.
 But I do know, ladies and gentlemen, that if you like to get the right mealtime drink for your family,
 you really shouldn't miss all the grand things that Postam has to offer you.
 Believe me, you'll enjoy a good hot cup of Postam for the same reason millions enjoy it.
 Just because Postam tastes so downright good.
 Yes, when you pour yourself a steaming cup of Postam and add just a dash of cream and sugar to it,
 You have a drink that's so tempting and fragrance, so unusually delightful in flavor,
 that you keep wondering why you never thought of trying it before.
 Just don't expect Postam to taste like coffee,
 any more than you'd expect coffee to taste like tea.
 For naturally, the goodness of Postam is the goodness of a distinctive flavor,
 a flavor that puts the "mmm" in Postam.
 So enjoy delicious hot Postam tomorrow,
 and be sure to make enough for the young folks to enjoy too,
 because Postam is the drink for all the family.
 Just as your family will be all for post-em.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich,
 in an attempt to make Nancy Adams jealous,
 Henry has typed several letters to another girl.
 But instead of mailing them, he has tried to leave them around
 for Nancy would find them.
 So far, however, he has been totally unsuccessful
 and has lost all of the letters he's written.
 The scene opens now in the typing room at central high school.
 Homer, have you any idea where the A would be on this typewriter?
 Why can't you find it yourself?
 I haven't never seen the typewriters in this classroom the keys don't have any letters on them.
 Well, what good are they then?
 Oh, Gee whiz.
 Did you get an A?
 It's a W.
 Homer, what word is there that begins with W? That means the same thing.
 As why?
 As Angel.
 Why don't you just make it wing it angel wing it my wing it angel sure
 Where do you think the eye would be used to be around here somewhere
 Are you making plenty of carbon copies this time Henry sure look out?
 OJ did you get an eye an H?
 Now what am I gonna do? I've got WH why don't you make it white wing at angel?
 Yeah, that's nice
 The only trouble is Homer, if we don't find it this time, we're really stuck.
 Hello, Sam.
 Yes, Alice.
 Sam, I'm sorry to call you away from the office, but I want you to come home right away.
 What for?
 Rosales Townsend's mother is here.
 What's on her mind?
 I can't tell you on the phone, dear, but the sooner you come home, the better. She's terribly upset.
 Yes. I'll come over right away, Alice. But remember this.
 Remember this, no matter what she says, the girl is probably just as much to blame as Henry is.
 [Music]
 Homer, are you sure she finally found my letter?
 Yes, Henry. I put it right in your lunchbox, right on top of her lemon pie.
 Are you sure she didn't tear it up for anything?
 Why should she? A letter written by you to another girl that you're calling your white wing at Angel?
 It took me darn near a week to get it to her.
 get it to her all you have to do now and we have to go home by Monday Nancy will
 be eating out of your hand by Monday well that's the way I work for my sister
 and me I would be with her well and or
 I'm going to hand me oh I didn't look at all over for me
 I'm Nancy Gd look worried well in a way I am I've got something here that
 wanted to Henry and quite sure he'd want it something to mind I'm thinking of
 Henry yes I'm the slightest idea how I got it it's this letter you wrote
 somebody oh oh yes but I didn't read it Henry I know you'll probably think I
 did but I give you my word that I didn't do any more than just look at it to see
 who it was you didn't why not well by Henry I'm also glad I happened to find
 you goodbye thanks very much for giving it back to me that's a fine thing
 Homer that's a fine thing well what she got against reading somebody else's
 mail after all if all she cares about is that fella in Arizona why should I
 there are other girls besides Nancy Adam you know they are what I say sure
 There are she isn't so wonderful. Hi, a father. Hello, Willie. Hello, a second one
 to give you your English paper. You've got mine. Sure here here, Henry. And boy,
 you better watch out of Puts Well, see you. Why should I worry about him? But
 then you write a letter to a girl in Middletown. Well, me? Sure, that's our
 town. And it's all over school. But she knows Darr is town. Why not? She's a
 study, isn't she? Is that right? And she, he's the biggest guy in school, Henry.
 Well, I'd like to see him start something. Can we hear much? Did you get in your
 English C plus C plus listen Homer how did Miss Eglson get this what is it
 it's one of my darn letters to Darrish Townsend how did you happen to hand that
 in she says interesting but why didn't you stick to original theme instead of
 dragging in the Mississippi well that's a fair enough criticism you know
 hear me I'll bet your letters are lying around all over the school I'll say
 can we look out here comes which Welsh but hey Henry now wait but it was all a
 mistake mistake my eye come in write a
 letter Henry all right all bridge
 hey but you like all me what's the idea
 trying to cut me out with Daris town I
 didn't you're twisting my arm yeah
 hey but let go of Henry go sit down you
 make me gee whiz
 what you're going to keep away from my
 girl now listen but how do you like that
 oh gee whiz now write or another letter
 and tell what I did to you you want me
 to help you out panelary is that you
 You're not.
 What happened to you?
 We're looking for something down here.
 What was Bunch Rouch doing to Henry?
 To me?
 He was.
 He wasn't doing anything.
 Well my goodness Henry, your folks just phoned the main office and they said you'd
 come right home to very minute schools out.
 I wonder what that could be about.
 I don't see why you have to feel that way about it Henry.
 After all butchers three times as big as you.
 Did you brush the back of my coat home?
 I'm sure your folks won't notice a thing.
 Henry!
 Yes, mother, where are you?
 I want you to come into the living room.
 Your father and I, will I have a talk with you?
 A talk with our mother?
 Yes, Henry.
 There's something wrong, father.
 How did you tell your cook pocket?
 Oh, that?
 That?
 Well, gee whiz.
 Home a deer.
 Would you mind leaving the room?
 You want me to go?
 We do.
 Please go up to Henry's room until we're through.
 Couldn't I wait out in the kitchen?
 You could not.
 Please go upstairs.
 Yes, Mrs. Aldrich.
 I'll wait upstairs.
 Now then, Henry. Yes, Father.
 Your mother wants to have a talk with you.
 Sam, I think you're the one that should have a talk with him.
 Aren't you the one Doris Townsend's mother talked to?
 Doris Townsend's mother. Yes, dear. She's been here.
 That would be putting it mildly.
 What? Henry, Doris Townsend was never so upset in her life.
 She's upset. She's upset.
 Over the letter you've been writing her.
 How did she get any of those?
 What do you mean, how did she get any of them?
 Haven't you been writing her?
 I've been... I've been...
 Look, Father.
 Have you been writing her?
 Yes, sir.
 I've been writing her, but I haven't been mailing them.
 What have you been doing with them?
 I've been losing them.
 Henry, don't be absurd.
 But I have, Mother.
 If you didn't intend mailing them, why did you write them?
 Because--
 They were written to be read by someone, weren't they?
 Yes, sir, but not by Doris Townsend.
 Then by whom, dear?
 Look, Mother, I know you won't believe it,
 but there are copies of my letter
 all over Central High School.
 What do you mean by that?
 Father, this English paper is a very good example.
 Do you mean you failed in English?
 No, I gotta see Plosh for it. Let me see it.
 Now, Alice, don't let him evade the issue.
 We're talking about his letters.
 But, Sandy, there's a letter.
 To Doris Townsend?
 Yes, dear.
 That's what Henry's been trying to tell us.
 He wrote those letters for English.
 He never intended to nail any of them.
 Did you, dear?
 Oh, look, mother.
 Of course you didn't.
 It is clear as they say.
 Well, why did Doris Townsend's mother
 have to get so upset over a composition?
 That's exactly what I wondered.
 Sam, I'm going to the phone and tell her.
 And give her my regard.
 Hey Henry, Henry.
 Here's your composition, Henry.
 Oh, am I interrupting the lecture?
 You are not interrupting anything, Homer.
 Only Henry.
 Next time, see to it that you get more than a C plus.
 Yes, Father.
 Henry, you know that letter Nancy handed back to you?
 Yeah.
 Well, that isn't one of your letters.
 Who's this?
 It's a letter she wrote to the guy in Arizona.
 From her?
 You mind if I see what it says?
 Wait, Homer, that letter wasn't meant to be read.
 What do you mean it wasn't?
 It isn't even sealed.
 She said--
 Now listen, Homer, give that to me.
 Oh, boy.
 Homer.
 Oh, boy.
 Oh my. Oh boy.
 Are you reading? You're all homo.
 The whole thing's about you.
 About me?
 She says you're one of the nicest sweetest boys she's ever known.
 Who me?
 Henry, you're one of the nicest sweetest boys she's ever known.
 Now wait Homer, she said that about me?
 Well gee whiz, can you imagine that?
 [Music]
 Henry Aldrich will be back in just a moment.
 In the meanwhile, folks, a reminder of the double-barreled reason why you like Postam.
 For one thing, you'll like it if coffee upset you.
 For another you like it just because Postam tastes so swell.
 It's a grand tempting drink for all the family.
 So get Postam from your grocer tomorrow.
 [Music]
 No, mother.
 I'm sure I don't feel well enough to go to school today.
 But Henry, you'll miss some very important work.
 No, I won't, mother. I won't miss a thing.
 All we were going to do today, anyhow,
 always read our English compositions in front of the class.
 And I never felt so low in my life.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Here is a popular Christmas suggestion.
 In addition to your other presence, give United States defense bonds and stamps.
 Make patriotism a part of your giving.
 The money you spend for defense bonds helps to resist tyranny and oppression.
 helps keep the spirit of Christmas alive in this country.
 So buy defense bonds and stamps and keep on buying them for yourself and for your friends this Christmas.
 Be sure to listen again next week to the Aldrich family same time, same station, for another sparkling half hour with your favorite youngster, his family and his pals.
 The Aldrich family starring as Rustone is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
 This is Harry Van Zell saying, "You will enjoy fragrant flavor for Postam."
 And remember, Postam contains no stimulants.
 It cannot give you indigestion. Good night.
 [Music]
