 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Eldridge!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 [applause]
 [music]
 [music]
 The Old Rich Family, starring as Rustone,
 written by Clifford Goldsmith,
 brought to you by the makers of those delicious new desserts
 all America's talking about,
 Yellow pudding.
 [Music]
 In the town of Centerville, most of the residents are ready for march to come in like a lion and go out like a land.
 But in the Aldrich family home on Elm Street, these traditional animals have been relegated to the background.
 For Henry Aldrich has real rabbits hopping around the basement and live pigeons flapping about the attic.
 Our scene tonight opens in Henry's room with Mrs. Aldrich speaking to herself.
 Do you want this broken fountain, Tandya?
 Yes, Mother.
 You want this piece of lead pipe?
 Yes, Mother.
 Will you tell me what on earth, Paul?
 Mother, please, I want everything in my desk.
 That Henry your desk is a sight.
 Let me explain something.
 Right this minute, I'm very busy.
 But the first time I'm not busy, I'll clean it out.
 You've been saying that for six months.
 But she whizzed when you get through, I won't know where anything is.
 What are you saving this ticket to the World Fair for?
 I might use it.
 But it's to the Chicago World Fair.
 It was over several years ago.
 Yeah, I know it's to the Chicago World Fair.
 Even if I don't use it, I'd like to have it for a souvenir.
 What about these three pieces of rock?
 Mother, I brought all those back from Vermont last summer.
 I carried them back purposely.
 Where did you put them?
 In this lower drawer.
 Well, there's a very good example of what I'm trying to tell you.
 Supposing I should suddenly need those rocks and I'll hurry.
 I'd have to go through everything I own.
 Henry, you're exactly like your grandmother.
 Alice, are you a Henry Drew?
 Yes, Sam.
 Did you want me, Father?
 Oh, no, Henry.
 Alice, I realize you wanted the maid for some time
 and that we now finally have one.
 But I do wish you'd ask her not to go in that spare room I used to work in.
 What happened now?
 She's just gone through the place like a tornado.
 She's taken half the things off my desk.
 Fact is, dear, I cleaned out your desk.
 You cleaned it off?
 Of course.
 But what did you do with my pen?
 I put it in the pen holder.
 Why did you put it there for?
 My goodness, Sam, don't you want Martha to have any respect for us?
 Respect for us.
 After all, are we hiring her or is she hiring us?
 But dear, she's the only maid I've ever had, and this is her first day here, and your
 room looked almost as bad as the room Henry keeps his rabbits in down in the cellar.
 Mother, do we have to tell her about my rabbits?
 Whether we do or not, Henry, I think you'd better be prepared for the day when she finds
 them.
 Well, couldn't you put it up to her?
 Just tell her that if the rabbits will stay in their room, and father will stay in his.
 Wouldn't she be happy?
 Incidentally, who changed the blotter on my desk?
 I did.
 I didn't want to see it thrown out. I liked that old blutter.
 All right, dear. Go it down and get it out of the trash barrel.
 If you want to, you may sleep with it under your pillow,
 but I certainly hope you won't let Martha see it.
 Unfortunately, it had all my telephone numbers written on it.
 What do you want done with this Canadian penny, Henry?
 I might go to Canada sometimes.
 Miss Armin?
 Yes, Martha.
 Miss Armin, yeah.
 I'm right here, Mother.
 Miss. All you somebody want you downstairs at the front door.
 Oh gentlemen.
 You saw the resentment.
 Well did you ask him to step inside?
 Yes.
 Miss. Always could I pick up some of your time for something?
 What is it Martha?
 I don't like to complain but frankly when I come to you this morning you said there was only food in the family.
 Oh no. So there are.
 But how about all those rabbits down in the cellar?
 The rabbits Martha?
 Yes I didn't anybody know they was down there.
 Of course we knew they were down there, but I know that don't you like rabbits my brother kept rabbits once and frankly
 I got awful tired of them, but they don't ever come upstairs and get near way do they not yet
 But two of them working their way toward the cell of stands Martha
 We're not keeping those rabbits always Henry's simply going to raise them and then sell them very soon
 You they say here nice. Oh, yes, they like it here very much
 Yes, sir
 Right away
 I ain't gonna stay here with you, Rabbit.
 Martha. Martha, why don't you look at it this way?
 You know how lucky a rabbit's foot is.
 You read it from my brother's head.
 It was always just a lot of weight.
 How long did you live with your brother?
 Frankly, just a little while.
 I tried, but I couldn't get myself adjusted to him.
 But very few people get to like a rabbit right away, Martha.
 But once you get to know those I have, you'll say,
 gee whiz thanks Henry for letting me get to know them.
 Well, I finished off the day, but I can't stay any longer than that.
 Look, Martha, is there anything I could give you to make it worth your while?
 Like what?
 Well, I could give you a part of my allowance each week.
 How much would that be?
 Well, I could give you a 20 cents of it.
 20 cents?
 And I'll do all the work that's in connection with the rabbits.
 Gee whiz, Martha, isn't that a bargain?
 Frankly, I wouldn't be interested.
 Would you be interested in 20 cents a week in your choice of anything in my desk here?
 What did I?
 Well gee, I got a million things.
 How about a Canadian penny?
 How many is that?
 Well, just one.
 But don't let that mislead you.
 It's only a penny in Canada.
 But here Martha.
 How much is it here?
 Well, I wouldn't want to say.
 (audience laughing)
 In this country, a thing like that is very rare.
 Yeah.
 In fact, that's only the fourth one
 I've ever seen in my life.
 And you know how long I've been kicking around.
 Whatever you got.
 What else about, well,
 Would you like a piece of genuine Vermont granite, Martha?
 Yeah, just a piece of stone, ain't it?
 Not in Vermont, it isn't.
 In Vermont, that's granite.
 And you can't get better granite unless you want imported.
 You certainly wouldn't want to go to all that trouble.
 You got anything else?
 Well, there's a compass here.
 Only I wouldn't want to give you that.
 It's broken.
 See, Wiz, if you got lost with that, where would you be?
 I don't want to do that.
 Oh, here's something for you, Gee Whiz.
 What is it?
 How would you like a ticket to the World's Fair?
 To the WOOD FAFT!
 Sure.
 You gon' give me this?
 Of course, if you'll only stay with the rabbits.
 Martha, may I stick with you?
 Definitely miss Aldrich.
 Martha, that visitor downstairs did not
 want to see Mr. Aldrich.
 He wanted to see Henry.
 Henry?
 Somebody is here to see me, mother.
 Come right on up, Tony.
 Henry up here?
 I'm up my room, Tom.
 Martha, is it all safe?
 Well, I say it to the fell!
 Henry, take a look at this.
 What is it? It's the morning paper.
 Not so loud, Tom.
 But it's got the end we put in.
 Yeah, let's see it.
 I'm telling you, Henry, we're gonna make money
 hand over fifth.
 Has anyone phoned your house yet?
 Oh, it's too early.
 But I'm asking you, Henry, who else in town
 would have thought of using carrier pigeons this way?
 Not so loud, I tell you.
 What's the matter?
 I mean, what's the matter?
 We've got a new maid, and she ought to get used
 to one thing at a time.
 (audience laughing)
 Doesn't she like pigeons?
 We don't know yet.
 She doesn't know you've got some up in the attic?
 She'll find it out, Tommy.
 She'll find it out.
 They're in the room right next to hers.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, Henry, is your mother in there?
 No, she isn't, Father.
 Tommy, fold the paper up quick and stick it on my desk.
 Where'd she go?
 Oh, mother?
 What is it, Dad?
 I dug my old blood around of the trash barrel.
 I also found one of my good shot flies in there.
 I almost hooked myself on that thing.
 every time I go into your desk drawer.
 - You don't know right to go in there, dear.
 That's my drawer and everything in there is mine.
 - It's all right.
 - Yes, mother?
 - A part I want to speak to you on the telephone.
 - I'll be right there.
 - Henry, isn't that the morning paper sticking out
 of your desk?
 - Oh, that is an R's mother.
 That's Tommy.
 - I'll take it, Mrs. Alders.
 There's no use bothering you with that.
 - May I see it, please?
 - Oh, Mother.
 You ever noticed how this piece of granite sparkles?
 - Henry, I'm looking at the advertisement
 before I do my shopping.
 - Well, wouldn't you like to have me look at them for you?
 I certainly would not.
 Have you noticed the ads on this other page, Mrs. Alden?
 Over here?
 Yeah.
 Why should I buy a piano?
 I don't know.
 They say they're good pianos.
 Alice, would you please tell Martha not to call me every time
 the phone rings?
 Who was that call for?
 Tommy Walsh's mother wants to talk with him.
 She wants to talk to me, Mr. Orgwick?
 She wants me?
 Yes, Tommy.
 Henry, the first one's come.
 The first one's come.
 What is come?
 I'm message you was expecting.
 Sam, did you see this advertisement?
 I think it might interest Henry too.
 What's it for, mother?
 A clearance of men's and young men's shoes.
 Shoes?
 Let me say it.
 Here.
 Henry, are you too warm?
 Warm, mother? What's the matter with you?
 I just thought I'd get down and see Tommy.
 Father, could I have the paper, please?
 One moment here.
 Alice, did you see this?
 - What? - Just notice, it says,
 "Carry a pigeon service.
 "Messages delivered to any point in Centerville.
 "Low rates, our birds can make 60 miles per hour
 "under favorable conditions.
 (audience laughing)
 "Signed all rich and waltch, incorporated."
 (audience laughing)
 - Sam read that again.
 - I'd rather not.
 - Henry, do you still have those pigeons up in the attic?
 Well, less than a dozen, Mother.
 What do you suppose Martha's going to do when she finds them?
 Mother Tommy and I can make some money.
 Henry, you don't imagine anyone is actually going to use any such messenger service, do you?
 Why not? We only charge $0.10 a message and the whole thing's clear profit.
 Do you mean to say, dear, your pigeons can go anyplace you send them?
 Well, I couldn't go so far as to say that, Mother, but they're trained almost that well.
 When Martha leaves, can your pigeons be trained to do the housework?
 Could I keep the pigeons in my room, Mother?
 No, dear.
 Henry, may I come in?
 Yes, Tommy.
 Listen, Henry, Mrs. Persons wants us to deliver a very important message for her.
 It's all off, Tommy.
 Tommy, what is the message Mrs. Persons wants to deliver?
 Well, she didn't say she just said we should come over right away.
 And may I ask how a pigeon could possibly deliver a message for us?
 Or it'd be simple, Mother.
 We've got dizzy Stevens working for us on a commission, see?
 He takes one of our pigeons over to Mrs. Persons and fastens the message on our foot, see?
 On to Mrs. Persons?
 No, under the pigeons.
 How does it know where to go?
 It comes here.
 Whether the message is for us or not.
 Well, this is a relay junction.
 One of us then detaches the bird from the message,
 jumps on a bicycle and delivers it.
 (audience laughing)
 Sure, sure, that's all there is to it, Mr. Aldrich.
 You don't say so.
 Could anything be more simple?
 And where is Mrs. Priscan's all this time?
 That's the beautiful part of it.
 Once the message leaves her hands,
 she can forget the whole thing.
 (audience laughing)
 Supposing there's an answer.
 What's that?
 Supposing there's an answer.
 Well, Mr. Rawd, don't you think that would be an exceptional case?
 I mean, after all, most people just send a message, and that's all there is to it.
 Sure, that's what I should think.
 You know, Martha will never stand for our keeping those pigeons.
 Alice, what does Martha have to do with it, the boys have an idea here?
 Don't you want me to keep a name?
 Well, I don't think she should be spoiled.
 That's what I think.
 That's what I think.
 Now, that you explained to Martha what Henry wants to do.
 Well, if I can't understand it, certainly Martha can.
 Mother, look at it this way.
 Henry, there's no use arguing.
 Martha is not going to like Henry.
 But Mother, Henry, let me talk to your mother.
 Alice, I don't think what Henry wants to do is going to laugh.
 But I do think he should be allowed to try it.
 And I don't see why Martha should be afraid of pigeons.
 Would you like it if a pigeon should get in your room
 in the middle of the night?
 What harm could it do?
 Well, I'm sure I wouldn't like it.
 Where does the trouble seem to be, Henry?
 No place, Tommy.
 We just have a temperamental maid.
 Henry, if you must go through with this,
 supposing you wait while I have a talk with Martha.
 If you want my advice, don't mention the pigeons to her,
 and she won't even notice they're there.
 [SCREAMING]
 What on earth is that?
 It's coming from the attic.
 I think it's Martha.
 She's found the pigeons.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 A week or so ago, ladies and gentlemen, one of our listeners gave a party.
 And a few days afterward she received a note of thanks from one of the guests.
 Now you've all heard people refer to such a note as a bread and butter letter, but this
 one was a pudding letter because here's the way it read.
 Dear Helen, just a line or two to tell you how much Bob and I enjoyed the party.
 It certainly was a big success and we all had our grand time.
 Incidentally, the real hit of the evening was that wonderful pudding you served for dessert.
 Bob keeps asking me to find out how you made it.
 So why don't you be a good girl and send me the recipe?
 Love Julia.
 Well, the next day Helen answered her friend's letter,
 and if you could have peeked over her shoulder, you'd have read this.
 Dear Julia, the pudding was called jello orange vanilla whip.
 vanilla whip, and I heard about it on the radio, on the program called the Aldrich family.
 Here's the way Harry von Zehl said to make it.
 Well first you take one package each of orange jello and jello vanilla pudding,
 and make them up as you usually do. Then chill the orange jello and whip it as directed on the box.
 Next you chill the jello vanilla pudding and add it to the whipped jello, beating constantly until
 blended, then mold, and there you have a truly swell dessert, a glorious combination of golden
 orange jello and smooth, creamy jello vanilla pudding, easy to make and downright inexpensive.
 P.S., now why not try some yourself friends, and see how soon it becomes one of your special
 favorites, for rich tangy flavor, for rare distinctive goodness, jello orange vanilla
 The width is absolutely tops.
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the problems of Henry,
 the Aldrichs have a new maid who apparently does not like pigeons.
 The scene opens on the second floor of the Aldrich home.
 Sam, I've about decided you were right.
 Well, I don't think we should make Henry get rid of those pigeons, just because Martha doesn't like them.
 You certainly aren't going to let her go, are you?
 Well, I thought you said I should.
 Well, that was before she made that beef stew we had for lunch.
 That was the best beef stew Alice. I ever ate in my life.
 But if we let her have her way on the pigeon, she'll water away on everything.
 It might interest you to know Alice that Martha no longer objects to the pigeons.
 How do you know?
 I had a little talk with her.
 What did you tell her?
 Well, I told her we'd give her a dollar a week more.
 Sam Olrich, you should never have told her that.
 But I like her stew.
 I still don't believe she's going to stay in her house with something she's scared the death of for only one dollar a week extra.
 Well, if you must know, I gave her something else.
 What?
 My chocolatine.
 She wanted it for a hat ornament.
 Well, at least I won't be hooked on it anymore.
 I also gave her a timetable.
 Well, I thought she was saying.
 No, she is until the Chicago world's fairy opened.
 What year will that be?
 I have no idea, but she's staying until then.
 Mother!
 Where are you, Henry?
 I'm coming down the attic stairs.
 Have any pigeons flown in any windows down here yet?
 None that I've seen.
 That's strange.
 How's your messenger say this wicked?
 Fine.
 I wonder how you can account for a thing like that.
 You've got to give our bird time, Henry.
 But babies, the fastest bird we have.
 Nothing seems to have gone wrong, Henry.
 Oh, nothing, Father.
 Nothing.
 Just seems to be a minor delay.
 The only thing that's wrong is we don't know where our pigeon went.
 Of course, maybe Dizzy Stevens hasn't even
 got her over to Mrs. Persons yet.
 That's what happened.
 Sure, Dizzy probably took the nickel we paid him
 and is out blowing it in.
 Come on up back up into the attic.
 Boys, you haven't forgotten your promise
 to stay out of Martha's room while you're up there.
 Oh, we haven't been near her door, Father.
 Henry, what do you suppose has become a baby?
 She was probably a strong headwind holding her back.
 But Mrs. Person's only goes a mile from here.
 Maybe she arrived when we weren't looking and couldn't see that this attic window here was open.
 She can find this house.
 She certainly ought to be able to tell whether a window was open.
 Tommy, Tommy, take a look outside.
 And what?
 Look, she's coming 90 miles an hour.
 That isn't a direction Mrs. Person's lives in.
 What difference does it make?
 She's coming, isn't she?
 She probably went around so she could come in on the wind.
 Where is she now?
 She's straight up there.
 Henry, Henry, I think I can see the message.
 Father, mother, come up for the landing.
 Stand back from the wind of Tommy so we don't frighten her.
 Where is she?
 She's overhead.
 She was.
 She went right by.
 To where?
 I don't know.
 She didn't stop.
 Just when we need her.
 As a matter of fact, that might have been some other bird.
 You know what we need is a parabonocular view.
 As you landed, Henry.
 Not yet, Father, it was just an aeroplane or something.
 A musset's on her way up there.
 Oh, well, come right up, Martha.
 Oh, no!
 A musset wants you to come down and meet her.
 Sure, I'll escort you up, Martha.
 Ain't no no pig and loose up there, is it?
 Gee whiz, no, Martha.
 Every bird up here is in her own cage.
 And look, Martha, they won't hurt you.
 I put my fingers right through the bores
 and they don't even touch me.
 Just let me in my room here.
 There you are, Martha.
 Close that door.
 Sure.
 Henry, take a look out the window.
 Where?
 She's right over there on the roof of the next house.
 Tommy.
 Tommy, there she is.
 Hiya, baby.
 Mother!
 Mother!
 Hey, everybody, look outside.
 Come on, baby.
 Come on.
 Martha!
 Martha!
 What's the matter?
 Leave your window open in case baby wants to come in that way.
 I'm going back to clothing right now.
 Tommy is baby coming?
 Here, baby.
 Here, baby.
 She just sits on the roof of Mrs. Kilmer's house.
 Maybe she wants a rest for a minute.
 After flying just one mile, can you see the message?
 Sure.
 What can we? She's coming. She's coming.
 Yeah, only to the end of the roof though.
 Well, that's an art direction, isn't it? Her instincts are right.
 Why? Do you have your bird yet?
 Where are you, father?
 I'm here on the back wall.
 She just flew onto the window sill. Maybe she likes that house.
 Maybe she thinks we live there.
 Mr. Aldrich, could you get a stick and poker?
 There's no stick down here, that log.
 If everybody would keep quiet a second, maybe she'd come over here naturally.
 Henry, is she coming?
 She walked this way.
 That means she's getting ready.
 See that?
 What'd she do?
 She sat down.
 Mr. Roar, would you ring the bell next door and ask the people to push her off the window sill?
 I happen to know the kilmers are out.
 At a time like this, Father, could you go inside and push her off?
 I could not.
 Well, she was the opposed she's going to nest on that window, so maybe she's going to lay an egg.
 Father, do you see that ladder right there by the side of our house?
 I do, but I'm not going to climb up it.
 But she may be gone by the time we get down there.
 Sam, put that ladder against the house and help the boys.
 Where are you, mother?
 I'm down here with your father.
 I'm not going to climb up the side of Kilmer's house.
 What was it your idea that the boys would go ahead with this?
 But I certainly didn't know it was going to lead the breaking in the houses.
 - Sad. - All right, I'll help them.
 Well, Henry, send him off his room and tell her it's time to start dinner.
 Yes, mother.
 Martha.
 Martha.
 What do you know?
 My mother says it's time to start dinner.
 You got that fine devil called yet?
 Martha, if you come out, we'll give you protection to look under the stairs.
 Martha!
 Isn't she timid though?
 Father if you can get baby down I think we can get Martha out
 You don't say so don't talk to him Henry you want him to fall off that ladder must you mention my calling?
 Just talk to her father and she'll come
 What shall I say to her just say here baby come baby here baby?
 I'm not gonna say anything of the kind
 Mr. Orgens, if you'll stand on the top wrong and reach, I think it can get her.
 Stand to fault!
 Grab her quickly, but carefully, Father.
 Yes. Is there anyone else who would like to give me a flight?
 Oh, Gee, look who's opening that window.
 Was there something you wanted, Sam Orgens?
 Uh, how do you do, Mrs. Kelsey?
 Uh, where did the pigeon go?
 What pigeon?
 She didn't fly in your window, did she?
 What are you talking about?
 My father, he's trying to get a message.
 To me?
 No, from a pigeon.
 Henry, you're not helping that, is it, eh?
 Mr. Roar, but she's down there on the whim of that tree.
 Father, all you have to do is move your ladder.
 I'm not going to climb anything more.
 Sam, if we don't get that baby, we won't have any dinner.
 I can't help it.
 What are you having for dinner, Miss.
 Aldrich, pigeon pie?
 Alice, if I don't stop now, I'll end by climbing everything in town.
 Mother, could you climb up the tree?
 No, dear.
 Could you throw a stick?
 They're all gonna stick.
 Could you just toss a stone in her direction?
 All right, dear.
 And that's toward me, Alice.
 Be sure not to hit Baby, either.
 Here he goes.
 You're too high, Mother!
 Who do that?
 She and Waze Mother duck around the corner.
 It went through Martha's window.
 Did not care if you couldn't trust him, that kid, just...
 And now Baby's flown away.
 [Music]
 If you ask me Alice, no maid on earth is worth it.
 Well, she's just gone up to the attic and she's perfectly happy.
 Well, she had better be. It cost me three dollars to get Henry to go out of business.
 Mother? Mother, are you down in the living room?
 Yes, dear, where are you?
 Could you come up to the second floor in just a minute?
 Now, what is it?
 Martha doesn't want to go up to her room.
 Tell Martha there isn't a pigeon left in the house.
 No?
 No, my father made me give them all away, Martha.
 Yes, Martha.
 Henry even gave his rabbits away just so you'd stay.
 I appreciate that.
 Only I never been up there before in the dark.
 Who does it like in your room?
 Not till I get to it.
 Martha, what if it is dark?
 As soon as you get to your door, you snap the switch on and there's light.
 Yeah, Henry isn't afraid, certainly you shouldn't be.
 Henry, will you go up there with me?
 Who I?
 Of course he will. In fact, Martha, if it will make you any happier,
 Henry will even sit in the chair just outside your door until you get this seat.
 In the dark, Mother?
 Of course.
 I thought you weren't afraid.
 I'm not.
 I'm not.
 I'll open the door to the stairs for you.
 There you are.
 Henry, you go in first.
 Oh, uh, you can go first Martha.
 Then if anything happens, you know I'm right in back of you.
 Henry?
 Henry?
 Mother, I'll lead the way.
 Are you coming Martha?
 Yes.
 Goodnight.
 Gee, I didn't realize it was so dark up here.
 What's that?
 It's the chair outside your door.
 There's the light Martha.
 You gonna sit out here?
 Sure.
 I don't mind the dark.
 Good night.
 Good night.
 Mom, are you afraid of this?
 Martha.
 What? What you want?
 Do I have to sit out here like this and very long?
 You get used to it after a couple of nights.
 Where did I put my night down?
 Come over here you little rascal to say good night.
 Mother, you choose all of us.
 I like to talk to myself.
 Now I'm off to turn out the lights.
 I'm good about this crowd in this room.
 Henry, Mr. Henry.
 Well, I'll let you know when I'm asleep.
 (audience laughing)
 I guess this place ain't so bad after all.
 Who there?
 Who there?
 There ain't nothing else, Ma.
 Just like I was still.
 If Miss Orange is giving her one of our squatter's words in here.
 They're you buddy in here. Are you all right Martha? They're the eagles in here. Get away from me.
 Henry where are you? I put my phone downstairs for something Martha. But come back.
 Turn on the lights. The pigeons they all come back. What in the world is going on up there?
 Look only one came back. Was enough. And it's baby. It's baby.
 Sitting right over there on Martha's dresser.
 She's right on my ticket to the woods, Sam!
 Mother, mother, you hold Martha while I save baby.
 What's the trouble here?
 Martha, what is that rabbit doing beside your bed?
 I hope you don't mind my keeping just one, Miss Alder.
 Frankly, I just took the lack of ill fellas.
 I kind of took the one that keep one all of them.
 Mother.
 I just got the message, Father.
 Mrs. Persons wants a man to hurry over and fix her oil burner this afternoon.
 You don't say so.
 Martha, what are you getting your suitcase out for?
 If you don't mind this all just frankly, I think I'll go.
 Well, frankly, Martha, we don't mind.
 Henry Aldrich will be back again in just a moment.
 [Music]
 Ladies and gentlemen, here is a full-length description of perfect dessert enjoyment,
 summed up in only three little words.
 Yes, just three words, jello butterscotch pudding.
 All you have to do is mention these three magic words
 for your grocer, and you'll be all set to enjoy
 a rich, mellow dessert that tastes just right
 and offers you a world of hearty, zestful satisfaction.
 Jello butterscotch pudding has a rare tantalizing flavor,
 brim full of swell, buttery, brown sugar goodness.
 And you'll be simply delighted with its creamy smoothness
 and tempting golden color.
 So friends, try this easy inexpensive recipe
 for a delicious treat. You can guarantee yourself a real pleasure, a grand adventure
 in good things to eat. The very first time you meet up with this popular new dessert,
 Jello Butterscotch pudding.
 [Music]
 Tommy, Tommy, look at the advertisement I just answered. What is it? I'm going to take a
 course. I'm going to be a railway clerk. Do your folks mind your leaving home? I'm not telling
 them until I'm all ready. Well, maybe Henry will be sorting your mail. The Aldrich family
 starring as with Stone is written by Clifford Goldsmith and will be heard next week at the
 same time. Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller. Mrs. Harry Vonsell
 speaking and wishing you good night for those delicious new desserts all America's talking
 about. Yellow pudding. This is the National Broadcasting Company.
 (piano music)
 (piano music)
