 [Music]
 Come on, Zhi! Come in, mother!
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 The Aldrich family starring as Restone, written by Clifford Goldsmith, brought to you by the
 The puddings that are tops entaste, jello pudding.
 They say the happiest years of your life are the teens.
 But I know one person who has his doubts about that, Henry Aldrich.
 Henry has all the troubles and growing pains that most boys go through under high school
 days.
 For Henry is a typical American boy.
 Tonight out in Centerville, the Aldrichs are just having dinner, and are seen open in the
 dining room of the Aldrich Hope.
 Have another lamb chop, Alan?
 No, thank you.
 You already think anything.
 Sam, I'm so tired of planning meals and cooking meals.
 I don't know what to do.
 Chops are awfully good, Mother.
 Yes, Mary.
 Say, say, who do you think I was just talking to on the phone?
 Oh, Henry.
 Kathleen.
 The folks want me to come over for dinner Saturday night.
 Tomorrow night?
 Sure. Isn't that a break for you, Mother?
 Why for me?
 Well, if I'm not here, you can just have any old thing for dinner.
 What do you mean, she can't?
 I've got to go out in the kitchen and whip some cream.
 I'll be clearing the table mother boy can you imagine we're not here the rest of us
 invited Henry she didn't mention any of you couldn't tell the Anderson's been here
 off me no Mary is that very kind but father gets inviting Henry's hardly
 any way to pay off a social debt Henry would you be disappointed if you didn't
 go to Kathleen's not go have you forgotten what they Sunday is Sunday
 Mm-hmm.
 Sunday.
 It's Mother's Day.
 Oh, but Father, I'm just going for dinner Saturday night.
 Well, I'd plan to take your mother and you and Mary
 out to dinner Saturday as her Mother's Day celebration.
 You had, Father?
 No, it's up to you as to where you'd rather go.
 Oh, see, I don't want to offend Mother, but I--
 You'd rather go to Kathleen?
 Well, I don't know.
 The hard thing to decide.
 There's never a day that mothers have a day.
 You're coming this way when you bring your play?
 I'm not coming that way, Mary.
 What would you like to do?
 Well, I'm phone-cathling.
 Yeah, sure, I'd love to go with you.
 Well, I guess I ought to get Mother something nice, don't you think?
 Splendid.
 Would you care to contribute anything toward it?
 I'd say.
 I'd say you'd like.
 Let it be a present from the entire family.
 It seems to me, son, you should have saved up for this occasion.
 I have father. I have I've earned nearly five dollars only I hate to see it all go at once
 I'm not through with my plate Mary. I have your glass. I'm not through with that either
 You may take my plate Mary. Thank you father. I'm glad somebody in this house cooperate father
 Father, how do you think mother would like to have me get her a new dress address sure?
 I don't see what would be so difficult about it
 All I have to do is get mother down to the store and just happen to take her by the dress department.
 And what?
 And as we go by, I say, "Gee, mother, look!" and she'll say, "Oh, isn't that one swell?"
 And I've got it all picked out.
 But supposing she picks one of the more expensive dresses.
 Well, I wouldn't mind the sacrifice. I just assume spend the whole $5.
 I think I ought to do something for mother. She puts up with an awful lot from us.
 from us.
 Henry, mother wants to know what you drank and he milked this afternoon.
 Just one glass, Mary.
 Well, what you drank was cream.
 Cream?
 Cream?
 I thought that was awful rich when I drank it.
 There is more stuff out there to whip.
 She was, well, tell her on Sunday, I'll make up for everything.
 Excuse me while I take this.
 I'm not through with that plate.
 There isn't anything left on at Henry.
 I've got my chop in my hand.
 May I have your bread and butter plate?
 But you're not to come any closer than that.
 And Henry, will you please eat your choppers you should.
 But Father, I waste so much when I eat it politely.
 Mary, you wouldn't like to go in on something real nice for Mother's Day, would you?
 I'd plan to get Mother something alone, Henry.
 What?
 A blouse?
 A blouse, Mary?
 A blouse?
 Mm-hmm.
 No skirt?
 Oh my goodness, I'm going to pay nearly 395 for it as it is.
 What is it?
 Well, how much would one come to?
 The very cheapest would be $2.95.
 What?
 Yes.
 I wonder whether Mother wouldn't like to go to the movies instead.
 Mother, is it time coming Mother?
 Father, there's an awfully good movie this week.
 What is it?
 The cowboy returns.
 Yes.
 I'd even be willing to blow the whole family to her.
 First, don't you think you'd better make sure the cowboy returns is what your mother wants to see?
 Oh, I would have her choice.
 You know Father, if we didn't go to an expensive place, I could almost take the whole family to dinner too.
 I think the movies will be sufficient.
 Oh no Father, I know of a place where it's very reasonable.
 I'd be glad to take all of you. How about it?
 Hannah, can you make room for this dessert?
 Mary Mother can't hear me out there, can she?
 Mother's mean speaking to you.
 She isn't Mary?
 She will.
 How would you like to go to the movies Mother's Day Eve?
 What's that, Hannah?
 Saturday night. I mean it.
 We're all going to the movies and to dinner as my guest.
 Really?
 - His father. - He's right, Mary.
 That's wonderful, because I was gonna take Mother down to get that blouse,
 and now we can meet you right afterwards.
 Boy, there isn't anything Mother likes more than a party.
 Here's your dessert, Sam.
 If you want any cream, as can we for it.
 When Mother back cream, I drank was in a picture.
 Look, of course it was in a picture.
 What do you mind if I change the subject of cream just a second?
 Mm, to what?
 What are you doing Saturday night?
 - Dear, I'm probably cooking dinner. - You are?
 We're all going to meet downtown for something.
 For what?
 Don't tell her Mary.
 Where should we meet?
 At the Employee and Department store at uh...
 $4.45.
 It's all set. $4.45.
 And that's going to make it terribly late for me to get home and cook dinner.
 Don't worry about cooking dinner, mother.
 But what are we going to do?
 Gee, was you wait. You're going to have one of the
 swillest times you ever had in your life.
 [Music]
 Oh, pardon me, sir.
 What is it, lady?
 Have you seen anyone waiting here at the entrance to the Emporium?
 No ma'am, not recently.
 Oh, thank you very much.
 Here it is 12 minutes after five. I don't mind waiting so much. I just keep wondering if they haven't been in an accident
 Yes, man.
 It's the perfect way it is.
 You might buy some flowers, ladies.
 No, thank you.
 Wouldn't you like to buy some carnations for mothers there?
 No, thank you.
 Well, you ought to remember your mother. That's what Lisa-
 One foot seat is the family near.
 There's nobody in this town.
 Then I will need the paper.
 Next race face, sir.
 Next race.
 Alice.
 Alice, why have you been waiting here at this entrance?
 Sam, where on earth do you think I've waited?
 Well, I've been standing around the corner.
 That's not the main entrance, Sam.
 Well, Alice, that is certainly the main entrance on that street.
 Well, at least you'll say that's something.
 The thing for us to worry about is my car.
 What's happened to that?
 I left it 30 minutes ago in a 15-minute parking space.
 But that still isn't as important as Henry and Mary.
 They're probably at the entrance all the way around on Market Street.
 Well go around and look for him.
 Where will you be?
 I'll wait right here. I won't move one foot.
 Ready like to buy a box of candy from others, eh?
 No thank you.
 Their hand-bipped and cherry filled.
 No thank you.
 Like some hazelnuts.
 No thank you.
 Fresh chocolate with cherries for your mother.
 She wears your mother where have you been?
 Right here where I was supposed to be, Henry.
 Imagine that.
 Where have you been?
 Just inside the door.
 Why, dear, did you wait in there?
 But mother, I think the inside of a door would be the only logical place to wait for someone.
 Couldn't you have at least looked outside?
 I finally did marry a word.
 Where's Mary?
 I have no idea which.
 Where's Father?
 Your father's gone down to the market street entrance to see where you are.
 I?
 Why would he look for me there?
 Well, then you certainly weren't here were you?
 Mother, I was here.
 Oh, I don't mean to argue with you, but...
 But all that's been separating us is that door.
 Yes, Henry.
 Now, supposing you take this nickel and go inside and telephone and see where the meringue
 left the house here.
 Yes, mother.
 Tell her the store closes at five-thirty.
 Yes.
 Extra space for young guy, I'll fix the fear.
 Sorry, sorry.
 What am I currently laying here?
 Have you been married?
 You're gray and dropped in just as I was leading.
 I thought he never was gone.
 She'll go in and do our shopping.
 Well, not until Henry and your father get back.
 Where are they?
 Henry's phoning you and your father's waiting for you around the market street.
 Isn't that ridiculous mother?
 It certainly is.
 What have we got to do now?
 Wait for them until I get back?
 I'm afraid we have, dear.
 Now at least one other's better.
 You stay right here while I go around and get your father.
 Can you find me?
 Of course I can find him.
 Now don't move until I get back.
 No mother.
 Pardon me, sir.
 What do you have, lady?
 On what? It would take me more than three minutes to run in and get one.
 That's a round I couldn't say.
 Dear, I wonder where...
 Mary.
 Mary, where is your mother?
 Father, where did you come from?
 Where do you think I came from?
 Well, Mother just went around after you.
 Now, why did she do that for?
 So we wouldn't have to wait so long.
 Where's Henry?
 He didn't start phoning me.
 What's that?
 Don't you think I ought to go in and tell him I'm here?
 You wait where you are. I'll go in.
 He is, Father.
 Flowers.
 Flowers from Mother's Bay.
 Fresh connish, son.
 Mother, I'm going to meet another n--
 She, whiz Mary.
 Where's Mother?
 She's gone after Father.
 Where's father?
 She thought you were phone me!
 Yeah, but Mary, I couldn't get you.
 Course you couldn't!
 How about get father?
 How long will he be gone?
 Two minutes.
 And, oh, Kathleen, phone you at the house!
 What did she want?
 Henry, did you tell her you couldn't come to dinner?
 Sure I did. I left the message with the maid.
 Well, Kathleen, it's nothing new!
 She wished she couldn't be...
 She's Harry, if they'll, Candice, or Mother's Day.
 Listen, Mr. You're gonna be here for a few minutes.
 Uh, yeah.
 Well, could you deliver a message for me?
 If you see a lady or a man or my sister looking for a phone, a brown suit like this,
 could you tell him I just stopped into phone a second?
 Well, now friends, while Henry is reflecting on his latest predicament,
 I'd like to bring you a news item about something that happened the other night in one of Pentaville's finest fans.
 They headline reads, "Permanent local man trapped in raid."
 And the article goes on to read, "Last night, about 1130, one of Pentaville's leading citizens was surprised by his wife,
 just as he had tiptoeed to the kitchen, raided the refrigerator, and finished eating a dish of pudding.
 Jello butterscotch pudding that had been left over from dinner.
 His wife was desolated as she had been planning to eat the Jello butterscotch pudding today for lunch.
 But the culprit showed no remorse.
 When questioned, he merely kept repeating.
 I'm glad I did it.
 Yes, and I do it again.
 I simply can't resist Jello butterscotch pudding.
 Well friends, seriously, that is just another way of saying that Jello butterscotch pudding is a dish that people won't be denied.
 I probably it has something to do with the grand buttery brown sugar flavor of this
 swelled dessert and the fact that Jello butter scotch pudding is as smooth as rich
 golden cream undoubtedly plays a big part in its appeal. At any rate this
 mellow treat is a mealtime favorite in thousands of homes the country over and
 I'm sure you'll find it's your favorite too. So try some real soon. You've
 honestly never tasted a more luscious dessert than Jello butter scotch pudding.
 [Music]
 Well now getting back to Henry Olbridge.
 Henry has just learned that although he's going out with his family, Kathleen is expecting him for dinner.
 This scene opens in Kathleen Madison's home.
 [Music]
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is that you, Kathleen?
 Yes Henry, did Mary tell you we're having dinner at 7 and 7 at 6.30?
 Yes, didn't your maid tell you? I'm going out for dinner with my mother.
 Henry!
 If you think you'll understand, Kathleen?
 Do you have to go with your mother?
 I'm taking her. I'm a host.
 Oh.
 I'll tell you what I might try. Perhaps I could eat with her real fastly and then come up to your house.
 Well, wouldn't that make you late?
 What's the latest I could get there and still eat?
 Well, well, well, well, well, well, I guess when you stop to think of a Kathleen, maybe that would be time to do too much.
 Kathleen, who are you talking?
 Mother, can we overline? Mother, can we can't come mix that a day night?
 Oh, no. He's having dinner with his mother. Why don't you have photos of him come?
 Are you sure next Saturday night will be all alone?
 Yes, of course.
 Hello, Henry!
 Yes.
 Can we, my mother says to bring your mother too.
 Kathleen, what do I do with my father and Mary?
 What? Well, who overlines it the second, Henry?
 Mother, yes. Could we ask Mr. O'Rigin Mary to?
 Well, as a matter of fact, I think we should have them.
 Hello, Henry!
 Well, Mother thinks you bring the whole family.
 Oh, Kathleen, I don't think you should go to all that trouble.
 No, really, Henry. Mother, be very much offended if you didn't.
 Well, they're awaiting at the department store for me, I think.
 If you don't hear from me, you'll know we're coming.
 Alright.
 You understand about the time, Henry?
 Oh, sure.
 Seven o'clock.
 Goodbye, Kathleen.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 Mother's was time.
 [Music]
 Exactly.
 20 minutes past six.
 To that man say how long it would be before Henry got back.
 No, dear.
 And when Father go, your father went down the street to get the car.
 That was 35 minutes ago.
 Would you like to have me get down and find him?
 No, dear.
 We're not going to beat this family up again.
 Well, I'm also sorry to start close before I could get your blouse.
 That's all right, dear.
 Just as long as we all finally get back together.
 He's starting to rain.
 Goodness.
 Yes, it's a good thing we didn't buy any new clothes, Miss Dio.
 Though, please remember, I still have on the best I own.
 - Come on, we'll step out into this entrance before you're down.
 Well, we said one consolation.
 Well, I'm glad you can see one.
 The rest of it we're going to after the movie
 says, "Well, oh."
 (buzzer)
 Look, look, see him in here, you're a major father.
 Let's run out and get in the car.
 - Are you okay, fellas?
 - Open the door, Sam.
 Get in, mother.
 - Now, wait, Henry.
 - We don't know, Sam.
 - We'll get in and out.
 - We can't go off and leave him.
 - No, you're getting over there.
 Everybody can get something.
 - Turkey can't talk here, that is.
 - Well, then what if you and Father
 are heading off Bayview?
 - No, Mary, you get in and I'll say.
 - Both of you get in.
 - Father, can't you come up close
 to the person outside?
 Father, go on.
 - This is a narrow street, Mary.
 The only way that Father can get around me
 is to go up on the sidewalk.
 - Oh, get in.
 Come on, Mary.
 - Hold the door.
 - Yes, Sam.
 So what do we do now?
 - We've got to get out of here.
 (motor whirring)
 Hey!
 Get moving there!
 Oh, not at all.
 What is the problem?
 Mary, must you just sit and ask questions.
 Mary, no chocolate, sir.
 No, no, I do not want to make any chocolate.
 Okay, okay.
 You better call your father.
 Is that all, Sam?
 No, Sam, please.
 Don't say I haven't been moving.
 Oh, Sam, stop!
 Now what's the matter?
 - Mother, you said stop! - Now what's the matter?
 - Please, Henry! - Yeah!
 - Is this newspaper? - What?
 - For...
 - Wait for me! - Stop, Sam!
 - I can't stop here! - Come on!
 - Come on! - Come on, Henry!
 - Come on! - No, here's the place I can pull in.
 - Henry! - Wait for me!
 Wait for me!
 I tell you the good news.
 - No time for good news. Get in the car.
 - Could you move over, Mary?
 - Henry, why didn't you leave that wet newspaper outside?
 I found two ways. Wait until I tell you the news.
 Henry, older, you simply spoke to the skin.
 Mother, this is gonna be a swell Mother's day yet.
 We've all got an invitation to go to Kathleen's for dinner.
 Really, Henry?
 Sure.
 You're living the older to be couldn't have.
 The Mother I just got through talking with Kathleen.
 Trevor, you're drinking water all over me.
 Well, I can't help where it runs, Mary.
 The only thing I can do was sit still and let it go where it wants.
 How about it, Mom?
 They couldn't have asked us for tonight mother Kathleen stood there by the phone and begged us to come tonight
 What do you think Sam? Don't leave it up to him mother. This is your party up to now
 You haven't had a good time at all, but this way you can have a wonderful evening
 What are you gonna do with all the money you save Henry? I'm not going to save a cent Mary
 I've got it all figured out and getting mother addressed with my money
 Well, Sam pull up some place and I'll tell a phone and make sure mother if you're phone or you'll only be wasting your
 Well are we are aren't we going?
 What do you think Sam?
 It's up to you Alice.
 My parents have awfully good food at the end.
 Of course they do.
 They are love to go there.
 And there you are.
 I'll make up your mind Alice.
 Sam I don't like mother.
 How many mothers days are there in a year?
 One.
 One.
 Yes Officer.
 We're just making up our minds.
 No I'd like to tell Sam.
 You will learn to go on.
 And I guess off the third we are.
 Hello Father, we're going to the Aniston!
 And boy am I hungry!
 You're not any hungry as I am!
 Mother!
 Mother!
 Yes, Captain?
 Can I help you with the dishes?
 Oh no, no, thank you. They're all wiped and put away.
 Anybody seen the evening papers?
 It's in a big chair, Father.
 Ah, I've been looking forward to just sitting around the night.
 Robert, do you want Kathleen to go out and get your slippers?
 Oh dear, I got them on.
 Where did I put my necktie?
 Oh, in the land.
 No, yes, yes.
 I always did like this chair.
 Now, Kathleen, I want you to go out and do your homework.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Oh, would you look at the dust on this keyboard?
 You know, Robert, I'm glad we let that made go.
 Oh, Robert?
 Hello?
 I look here when the overtures come next Saturday.
 Let's have everything just as nice as we know how.
 - Yeah, do it up brown.
 (sighs)
 Isn't it nice that I've won a year of home?
 - Mm-hmm.
 - Mm-hmm.
 - Mm-hmm.
 - Mm-hmm.
 - See, the Dodgers won today.
 (laughing)
 - Did I hear the doorbell ring?
 - Now, who in the world is supposed to have it?
 - Well, it's probably Daniel.
 - Well, I'm not gonna answer the doorbell.
 - Well, I'm going to run up there.
 - Now listen, Harvey.
 Daniel isn't going to notice those curlers.
 Oh, all right, I'll go to the door. - I know, you stop him. - Well, now, where's my other slipper? - It's way there underneath your chair.
 - Oh, come in. Come in, the door's unlocked. - Let him in and find you slipper later. - Oh, look at the ashes all over my face.
 - Hello there, Mr. Anderson. - Hello, Bob. - Well, well, hello. - Is there a way for us to drop in?
 No, no, no, not at all.
 So where is it?
 The Oracles.
 Oh, well, why don't you welcome to come in?
 They are in.
 Oh, no, they're Dorothy.
 Well, Alice and Sam and everyone.
 How do you do, Mr. Anderson?
 Oh, look, you might as well put your things down and let's all go into the living room.
 Living room?
 Goodness, Alice, I was just going upstairs to take these curlers.
 Dorothy you look lovely.
 No, here we are.
 Thank you, Grandma.
 We didn't go to the movie.
 Yes indeed.
 Sit down, everyone.
 No mind if I do.
 No luck.
 How's business?
 Oh, pretty good.
 How's yours?
 Fair.
 Well, not fair.
 I'm sorry.
 Okay. Did I interrupt you Sam?
 No, no, no. I interrupted you.
 Oh, no. You didn't.
 What were you going to say?
 Well, the fact is that I don't remember what I was going to say.
 Well, I was going to ask Alice what movie she was going to see.
 "Stog for love."
 Oh. Oh, my dear, they tell me that's the most beautiful picture.
 Is that the view?
 Yes.
 [laughter]
 Mr. Dan, is Kathleen out in the kitchen sort of helping you?
 No, no, she's upstairs, studying.
 - Oh, is that fine? - Yes.
 - Uh, have a cigar, same? - Oh, no.
 No, thank you. Not just before...
 - No, dear. - No, dear.
 It's eye-cathling. - Oh, the day, baby!
 I'll be right back.
 Robert, would you mind opening the window just in age or two?
 You see we had steak and onions, but then I'm said the whole for little be the same
 Steak and onions
 Do you like some Henry oh boy do I
 Mother's very fond of them too
 Alice I want to show you something this box Kathleen gave me for mother's name. Isn't that lovely?
 Why is it mrs. Handich? I have no idea, Maris
 Looks like candy to me
 Well, if it is, I should never promise Kathleen I wouldn't open it till tomorrow.
 You did promise her?
 Mother, did you come upstairs and help me in the day?
 Alice, would you excuse me, of course.
 Well, if you pardon me, I'll go out to the kitchen and see whether we have any titties or any unfurled.
 Oh, Bob, don't bother. We just had dinner.
 Oh, sir, Mary, supposing I could hear you.
 Well, Henry, so we invited you up for dinner.
 Some place there's been a very serious mistake.
 [laughter]
 That will be putting it mildly.
 And this is the most embarrassing moment I've ever had.
 Thank for us the terrific get out of here.
 Well I think we should stay long enough to be polite.
 Stay mother as hungry as I am.
 You're not any hungrier than the rest of us, Henry.
 Oh I had belonged to the cup of tea.
 And I didn't have anything.
 Supposing Alice we run on before they discover the mistake we've made.
 Father, Father, do you mind if I make a suggestion?
 I do. Alice will tell him this holiday but we're going to run on to the movies and as soon as we get away we'll go get some dinner.
 And have a sort of apology to make you folks an afraid.
 Oh, what's the trouble, Bond?
 Well, here's the ginger ale. Everybody don't have any ice.
 No, no, listen, Baba, I give you my word, not one of us could drink a thing.
 And besides, we're going to have to know...
 Great idea, indeed.
 They thought there's a lot of fear. Tomorrow, the Mother's Day, we told Alice we were coming here, but we're really taking her to the movie.
 Well, well, isn't that love?
 Yeah.
 Bob, why don't you and I get on, I think, go mother?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Good idea.
 And then they get a new thing together.
 But Mrs. Anderson, let me explain something.
 Can't agree?
 But Mother, it's Henry!
 Yes, Mother.
 Mrs. Anderson, we'd be very glad to have you come along.
 [Music]
 Oh, Martin, that's the best picture of the episode of "Holly Life."
 Yes, Dorothy, and it's been the best Mother's Day party I ever had in my life.
 Would you like another hamburger, Mother?
 No, thank you.
 Three is all I could possibly
 father
 Just to learn my idea of yours that we drop into this little hamburger thing
 Thank you, mr. Anderson. I haven't been in one of these places in years. I love them Sam and I used to drop in all the time
 Oh, mr. May I have the check please? Oh now Henry. I don't pay the check the movies were on you
 But mr. Anderson this whole evening has been on me
 Yes, and they it's certainly
 [Music]
 Henry Orbeach will be back in just a moment.
 If there's the next time that you want to give a party, there's no need to send out invitations.
 You just drop the word here and there that you're planning to make some jello pudding with.
 And before you can say come in, you have a house full of smiling guests.
 Yes, this well-re deserved is certainly become a big favor,
 and there's every reason why it's yours,
 because jello pudding whip is wonderfully good and downright easy to make.
 You just take one package of jello, any flavor,
 and one package of jello vanilla pudding,
 and make them up as you usually do.
 Then chill the jello, and whip it as directed on the box.
 Next, you chill the jello vanilla pudding,
 of vanilla pudding and add it to the fruit jello, beating constantly until it's blended.
 Then mold. And there you have a grand, inexpensive treat, serving 10 to 12 people and simply ideal
 for parties and special occasions. So be sure to try this new and intriguing combination
 of delicious jello and rich, creamy, jello vanilla pudding.
 [Music]
 Ladies and gentlemen, this week is National Restaurant Week.
 Now why not take the occasion to dine out at your favorite restaurant?
 And climax that dinner presently by choosing the most popular dessert on the menu.
 Yellow pudding.
 (dramatic music)
 - Modern, Father, do you see this darn bank I have?
 - I do, Henry.
 - Well, I'm going to start a savings fund.
 - Well, I'm delighted to hear you say that.
 - Here, it is your first dime to put in it.
 - Thank you.
 You know what I'm gonna save toward?
 - What?
 - A party on Father's Day.
 - May I have that dime back, please?
 (dramatic music)
 [ Applause ]
 The Aldrich family, starring as the stone, is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
 This is Harry Vonsell speaking and wishing you good night for the puddings that are tops in taste.
 (wind blowing)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
