 [Music]
 And now the Jell-O family presents...
 Henry Henry Oldridge!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the Oldridge family based on characters
 by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone as Henry
 with Jackie Count as Homer.
 And yes, it's the Jell-O family,
 with its three famous desserts.
 Jell-O in those six delicious flavors,
 Jell-O puddings without old fashioned,
 homemade flavor, and Jell-O tapioca puddings,
 a miracle of goodness, a marvel of spirit.
 (
 No! They are made by famous J-E-L-L-O!
 And now for the Aldrich family.
 A typical teenage boy like Henry Aldrich is as unpredictable as the weather.
 And like the weather, he can change in a moment from storm to calm.
 And usually a whole household changes with him.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room.
 It is early Saturday evening.
 Sam, would you like me to put another log on the fire?
 No, thank you, Alice.
 I wouldn't mind a bit, dear.
 I know you like to be warm when you're reading.
 Alice is only one thing I really like when I'm reading.
 What, dear?
 Not to be talked to.
 Well, you won't have to worry about Henry bothering you tonight.
 He'll be out of the house the whole evening.
 And frankly, I don't know why one of us didn't think of it years ago.
 Putting him out of the house?
 No, dear, arranging for the children to have a party at a different home each week.
 Mm.
 It'll be so much easier sitting in the kitchen one night every two months
 when we know that the rest of the time we can read in the living room in peace and quiet.
 We can?
 Of course, dear. Just as you are now.
 Yes.
 Elizabeth said she thought the idea was a stroke of genius.
 But I wouldn't go so far as to say that.
 Would you, Sam?
 Alice, I think your idea is wonderful.
 It's brilliant.
 It gives me an opportunity to read this book.
 Now, suppose I read it.
 You can't read it if you keep on talking all the time.
 Mother!
 Yes, Henry?
 And you've been making any rag-rubs recently?
 Any what?
 Rag-rubs! Rag-rubs!
 I can't find my maroon socks!
 Henry!
 Your socks are in your top drawer.
 I'm sorry mother they are and I've turned my drawers inside out.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know that strange because I distinctly remember putting them away.
 Alice, why don't you go upstairs and help him look?
 Well while I'm doing that, will you please answer the phone?
 Now wait a minute, Henry's perfectly capable of finding his own socks.
 But dear...
 You answer the phone.
 Mother!
 Alice, Henry's calling you...
 What is it, Henry?
 The phone's raining!
 Yes, dear, I know.
 (phone ringing)
 - Hello?
 - Hello, is that you Mrs. Oldrich?
 - Yes, how are you, Homer?
 - Okay, I guess, except for my arms.
 - Your arms?
 - They're just sort of aching,
 from carrying a couple of armchairs out to the kitchen
 from my parents.
 But don't worry, they'll be in shape
 by the time Agnes gets here.
 - Your parents?
 - No, my arms.
 (audience laughing)
 Could I speak to Henry, please?
 - Dear Henry's in his bare feet,
 but he'll see you at your party in a little while.
 in his bare feet.
 - Father!
 - Good-bye, home-iron.
 - I know, but--
 - Father!
 - Oh, Sam!
 - Yes?
 - Henry's calling you.
 - Henry, your mother told you where your socks were.
 - I found my socks, Father.
 I had them on!
 (audience laughing)
 - How do you think we should have his eyes examined?
 - Dear, the only trouble with Henry
 is his body works faster than his mind.
 - Father, what I can't find now is your tight clip.
 - Now, say here!
 - Sam, I'll go look for it.
 You just go back to your book.
 Perhaps I should wait until Henry's mind catches up with the rest of it.
 Oh my goodness.
 Hello?
 Mrs. Aldrich, we were cut off.
 Homer, what is it you want?
 I have to speak to Henry.
 It's very urgent.
 Just a minute.
 Henry?
 Yes, mother.
 Homer, watch you on the phone.
 I can't come now.
 I'm taking a bath.
 There, I thought you were all dressed except your feet.
 I was, but I just got shoe polish on me.
 Hello, Homer?
 - Is he coming Mrs. Aldrich? - No, he can't right now.
 Suppose you give me the message.
 Listen, Mrs. Aldrich, I've got some bad news.
 Our radio's just going on in the bum.
 - Really? - And we won't have anything to dance to.
 - Oh, well, couldn't you play the piano?
 - How could you dance to Home Sweet Home?
 - Here, haven't you been studying for years and years?
 - Only five, Mrs. Aldrich.
 - And all you can play is Home Sweet Home?
 - Sure. She was on no child prodigy.
 Oh, I wish I could suggest something, but...
 Well, as a matter of fact, how is your radio working, Mrs. Aldrich?
 Our radio? Oh, I'm afraid Mr. Aldrich wouldn't let that out of the house.
 Well, Mrs. Aldrich, did you ever hear that saying about the mountain and no hamlet?
 What's that?
 If your radio can't come to us, I'm sure the game wouldn't mind going to your radio.
 Now, just a minute, Homer. I'm afraid that's out of the question.
 It is.
 And besides, it's your parents' turn to look after the party tonight.
 But neither of them plays the piano.
 Well, dear would this help you?
 There's a neighbor of ours who has a portable phonograph and a complete collection of records.
 Oh, boy!
 I'll send Henry over to borrow the piece.
 You will, Mother.
 Okay, but will you tell him to hurry?
 Half the kids are here.
 Yes, Homer.
 And if we don't get something to dance to, I'll never get Willie out of the punch bowl.
 All right, Homer, goodbye.
 Come, Mother, you mean I have to start running errands at a time like this?
 Just over to Miss Spencer's to pick up her phonograph and records.
 Homer needs something to dance to.
 Boy, I always have to wait on him, hand and foot.
 Dear, you're not doing this for Homer.
 You're doing it for your father and me.
 And I thought you were taking a bath.
 I decided I didn't have time.
 I'd only keep Diane waiting.
 Now, here's your overcoat.
 Thanks, mother.
 And you don't forget to put your gloves on.
 OK.
 And have a good time.
 Thanks, mother.
 You and father have a good time, too.
 We will.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Was that Henry leaving Alice?
 Yes, Sam.
 Well, thank goodness.
 [PHONE RINGING]
 Oh, dear.
 Hello?
 Hello, is that Mrs. Aldridge?
 Yes.
 Well, well, I'm very sorry to bother you,
 but this is Diane.
 Diane?
 Yes, Diane Conway.
 I'm going to a party tonight with your son Henry.
 Oh, of course.
 And he's certainly looking forward to it.
 Oh, so am I.
 And so are we.
 That is--
 But do you happen to know whether Henry is picking me up at home or at dehaven's drugstore?
 - Well, didn't he tell you? - Yes, he did, I think.
 But you'll know how when Henry tells you something one minute, it's perfectly clear.
 And the next minute, you know what I mean?
 Well, dear, I'm not sure, but he just left and I was under the impression he was going to pick you up at your house.
 Oh, my goodness, he can't do that!
 - Where are you now, Diane? - I'm waiting down here at the drugstore!
 Well then suppose you go back home and wait for me.
 By the time I go all the way home I'll miss him.
 Well...
 I can't stay here, everybody's staring at me.
 Now dear, just calm down.
 I know what we can do, you wait right where you are.
 But Mrs. Old...
 It'll only be for five minutes, goodbye.
 Sam!
 Yes, I will.
 Will you please come here a minute?
 What's the trouble now?
 Here's your coat, Nia.
 My coat, I'm not going anyplace.
 Sam, don't argue.
 You'll have to go down to the Havens drugstore before that child goes to pieces.
 What child?
 for the sake of our whole evening, Samuel, have to pick her up.
 Pick her up and what?
 Dear, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello.
 Hello, Homer.
 This is me.
 Henry, where have you been?
 I've been slightly delayed, Homer,
 but I'll be right over to your place.
 But Henry, I thought you weren't coming,
 and I talked to everybody out of dancing.
 - But Homer, so what do you say we go someplace?
 - I'm going to all the trouble of getting your phonograph
 and records.
 - What records have you got?
 - Well, I'll tell you.
 Listen, Homer, how would the gang feel about Schubert's eighth?
 - Who's eight?
 - Schubert, Schubert.
 - Yeah, his eighth why?
 (audience laughing)
 - Symphony, Homer, have you ever heard of the unfinished symphony?
 - Listen, Henry, why would we wanna listen to that?
 I know, but even Schubert wasn't interested enough to finish it.
 [laughter]
 But Homer, that's the only kind of record Ms. Spencer had.
 Well, it's a good thing we're not dancing.
 Look, why don't we all go over to your place?
 My place?
 I mentioned it to your mother before, but I don't think she took the hint.
 Now listen, if you're planning to go over to my house, you're crazy.
 What do you mean by a statement like that?
 Homer, my folks are going to have one peaceful evening at home if it's the last thing I do.
 [Music]
 Hello?
 Hello Alice!
 Sam, where are you?
 Down at the Havens drugstore and Alice.
 What does Diane look like?
 I'm not sure, dear, but I believe Henry mentioned something about blue eyes.
 What kind of a description is that?
 What's she wearing?
 Sam, I had an any idea.
 Although...
 Yes?
 It's pretty cold.
 She's probably wearing a fur coat.
 - You think so?
 - If she has one, although frankly I doubt it.
 - Alice, I'm coming home.
 - There you can't do that.
 Diane's waiting for you.
 - She isn't waiting here.
 - Then you better run over to Hilliard's drugstore
 and take a look around there.
 - That's all the way across town.
 - Sam, we can't leave a single stone unturned.
 (dramatic music)
 Alice, how nice of you to fall.
 - Hey, Elizabeth, do you happen to know what Diane looks like?
 - Diane?
 - Yes, Henry's girl.
 Sam's down at Hilliard's drugstore looking for her,
 and we haven't the fadest idea what she looks like.
 - Oh, Diane.
 Well, as a matter of fact,
 Homer was talking about her, it's separate and I've--
 - Really? What did he say about her?
 - He said she was a dish.
 - A dish?
 - Yes, dear. You know, a lulu.
 - Well, that's some help.
 Homer didn't mention exactly where Henry was to meet her, did he?
 - Well, Homer claims that all Henry talked about
 was somebody named Schubert.
 Schubert?
 Yes, and the number was eight.
 Oh, and Alice.
 Yes?
 Well, since Sam is down at the drug store
 and he has to go by here on his way home,
 do you think he'd mind picking up a quart of ice cream?
 I guess not.
 And the cube of toothpaste while he's at it?
 All right, Elizabeth.
 And Alice, I still think this idea of yours
 is a stroke of genius.
 You mean about the party?
 Yes.
 Will and I can bear up tonight as long as we know that next week
 at this time, we'll be in your shoes.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Say, Charlie.
 Yeah?
 You see that fella standing over there by the soda fountain?
 The one with his hat pulled down over his eyes?
 Yeah.
 Keep an eye on him.
 Why?
 What's he doing?
 Well, every girl that comes in here,
 he steps up to her, seeing stairs at her.
 Yeah?
 What are you supposed he's up to?
 Wait a minute.
 I'll handle him.
 Oh, sir. You there. There's something I can show you.
 What, sir? May I help you?
 Why, uh, uh, uh, uh, as a matter of fact, yes, I might want to buy something.
 Fine. Are you interested in reading?
 I was earlier this evening. Well, then, how about a good book?
 A book? Uh, alright. We have a complete collection of pocketbooks
 right here. Uh, yes. You just look over the titles and let me know which one you'd like.
 Well now then, let's see, here's one.
 Yes?
 Little man, what now?
 Diana, are you sure this is where that friend of your mother's lives?
 Of course, Henry, and she has positively every kind of record.
 She has, Diana.
 All popular?
 I'm sure of it, Henry.
 Oh boy, Diana, it's a lucky thing I saw you waiting there in to Haven's drugstore.
 The only thing is yes well either your friends out or she sleeps awfully hard
 Let's try the doorbell again. I've got a better idea. What are you picking up Henry some gravel stand back Diane?
 My goodness. Are you gonna throw it at the window just gently?
 Do you hear anything
 No, gee whiz Henry I think we better give up and get to the party give up
 Well, if I don't get some dance records, do you know what Homer's going to do?
 What?
 Land right on top of my parents with all four feet.
 Really?
 Sure.
 Punch bowl and all.
 You can't just see what a mess that would make it their quiet evening at home.
 My goodness, Henry.
 I think you're about the most thoughtful boy I ever met.
 Gee, thanks.
 I'm going to have one more shot at that window.
 My.
 How many other boys would go to all this trouble?
 Gee, thanks.
 Give me some elbow room, Diane.
 There.
 Oh boy.
 Henry, how did that rock get in with the gravel?
 [Music]
 Alice, I'm calling to tell you this whole thing is utterly ridiculous.
 Now Sam Diane's waiting for someone to meet her in a drugstore, and I promise you-
 But Alice is getting embarrassing, looking in the girl's eyes to see what color they are.
 But beer!
 I've never felt more like a criminal in my life.
 What do you mean?
 - And he'll just threaten to call the police.
 And it marshals, they came right out and called me a masher.
 - You mean you've been to every drug store in town?
 - I have.
 - But here is there a Schubert's drug store on 8th Street.
 - What's that?
 - According to Homer, Henry talked about Schubert's at 8th.
 - Alice, there's no such place.
 - There you'd better have a look.
 - Now wait.
 - And while you're there, Mrs. Brown would like a quarter of ice cream.
 - Now wait.
 - And a tube of toothpaste.
 And you better get a dozen lemon salmon case they run out of punch.
 - Now wait a minute.
 [Music]
 And now for some shopping instructions from Meredith Wilson and his talking people.
 For talking people, you've been talking about the Jell-O family since last October,
 and you're getting pretty darn good.
 Oh sure, we can laugh together, ho ho, and we can cry together, and we can shiver together.
 Starting with strawberry, yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo.
 Jake, eat, out, out, out, ooh.
 Never make a mistake.
 How's that?
 Well, hardly ever.
 And nobody makes a mistake when they ask for the famous Gellow family of desserts.
 No sir.
 There's regular jello pudding smooth and luscious and jello capioca pudding full of personality
 Dibbles and there's jello the world's most famous shimmering dessert so colorful for your holiday table
 It better have plenty on hand because jello is easy to prepare and it's so dog-gone good
 Get jello with the big red letters on the box in all six of those shimmering delicious flavors starting with strawberry
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [SINGING]
 And now back to the Aldrich family.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 In order to ensure the quiet evening they had planned on spending at home,
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are trying to get Henry off to a party.
 But the more they try, the further they get from their goal.
 The scene opens in Springer's hardware store.
 It is a little later the same evening.
 It is, operator. The line's still busy.
 Yes, sir. I'm sorry.
 Well, look, could you cut in on the conversation?
 No, sir. I'm sorry.
 But look, operator, it's only my mother speaking, see?
 And now her son.
 I beg your pardon.
 Her only son, see?
 And I know she'd want to talk to me.
 And we pay our bill regularly every month.
 I beg your pardon.
 If you're so good, and you please cut in.
 I'll try your number again and call you back.
 I know, but--
 Hello?
 Oh, boy.
 Henry, you want me to wrap these for you?
 The only thing is Mr. Springer,
 I should speak to my mother first.
 Now look, when you got me out of bed to come down here and open my hardware store,
 you didn't say you were dragging your mother into it.
 I'm not Mr. Springer, G. I wouldn't think of dragging her out of the house when she's spending a nice restful evening.
 Oh boy, excuse me.
 Hello, operator!
 Henry, is that you?
 She was, mother!
 Yes, where are you?
 Dana Springer's hardware.
 And look, could I charge a small item or two to father?
 A bit dear.
 Just a window pane and some putty.
 Henry, what for?
 You mean you want to go into all the boring uninteresting details now?
 Yes, dear.
 But I'm right here in the store with Mr. Springer in a night shirt.
 Henry, you're wearing what?
 No, it's Mr. Springer's, and he's shivering.
 So won't you please say yes?
 Well...
 Gee, thanks, mother. You can wrap them up, Mr. Springer.
 And another thing, mother.
 Yes, dear.
 Well, I got sort of separated from Diane, see?
 You mean you found her?
 It's your mother. Only I lost her again.
 When the window broke, we both had to run.
 So, would you mind phoning your folks for me and see if she went home?
 My cook.
 And then would you please phone Homer and tell him I'm practically on my way to the party.
 But him?
 All I have to do now is repair a little something and find I am and round up some records and then I'm all set.
 Hello? Hello, Alice?
 Sam, where are you now?
 I'm phoning from Schubert's delicatessen.
 Where?
 It's a show but it's delicatessen.
 It's on the south side of town.
 What are you doing there?
 What am I doing? I'm looking for Diane.
 But Sam!
 And this ice cream is beginning to melt.
 Oh, Mr....
 Oh, just a minute, Alice.
 Mr. did I hear you say you were looking for Diane?
 Well, yes. I'll tell you're here.
 You mean she's...
 You mean she's...
 Hello, Alice.
 Yes, Sam.
 Alice, I found Diane.
 Well, thank goodness Henry will be so happy.
 Just take her and the ice cream and the lemons and the toothpaste
 straight over to the party at home.
 Very well.
 And Sam, I just phoned Diane's parents and they're terribly upset.
 What about?
 But I thought she was lost.
 So would you please stop by a drug store again and buy some spirits of ammonia for Diane's mother?
 Diane's mother.
 Yes, dear. She's been having his sterics.
 Good heaven.
 And hurry, Sam. Good bye.
 Diane will be right with you, Mr. as soon as she's through waiting on that table.
 But, Sam?
 Now, hold on. There must be a mistake.
 While you're waiting, what kind of meat do you like?
 Meat? Sure, Diane's boyfriend's always by something.
 I am not one of Diane's boyfriend.
 Sure, Mr. Shore. Now what kind of meat do you like?
 How many have you seen Henry?
 Henry, Henry who?
 Henry, old, rich, your friend.
 He's no friend of mine, Diane.
 From tonight on, I haven't even heard of.
 But where do you suppose he is?
 When I learnt you'd moved your party down here to the Haven's, I thought surely you'd be here.
 Nevermind Henry Diane, let's dance before the jukebox wins out.
 Oh, I'd love to!
 She are a swelled answer.
 I give anything so hungry.
 You're supposed to make a dance a little faster.
 Faster!
 Sure.
 'Cause as soon as this number runs out, boy, that was my last nickel.
 Oh, oh, oh, oh, my goodness!
 Once I get started dancing, I just can't stop.
 I want to go on and on.
 You do?
 Yes.
 Isn't there some place that you go where there's a photograph and some records?
 Look Diane, let's just put our heads together and we'll think of something.
 Henry, what is it you're trying to say?
 Isn't it clear, Mother?
 I'm in a music shop on the edge of town, see, and I finally got some records.
 You mean you bought them?
 No, I got them on the cuff, on account of my face.
 Your face?
 Sure.
 The man said one thing about it, it's honest.
 Well, dear, that's fine, then you're all fixed up.
 I am?
 What didn't I tell you? Your father found I am.
 Sure, but, well, frankly, mother, there's a slight new development.
 Henry, it's nothing serious.
 Serious? Oh, no.
 What is it?
 Well, brace yourself.
 Henry, what's happened?
 I just discovered I sort of lost Mespenser's phonograph.
 You lost it?
 Well, not exactly.
 That is, I have something else instead.
 What?
 A typewriter?
 Oh, my heavens.
 The case looks exactly the same, mother,
 so you can't blame the fellow tumor.
 What fellow?
 On the streetcar, the fellow picked up my phonograph
 and left me this typewriter.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Henry, hang up.
 Hang up!
 I think I can catch your father at Diane's house.
 Oh, uh, excuse me, sir.
 Okay, mister, don't do it again.
 Don't do what?
 Drifting milk in the dirt.
 It isn't milk, it's ice cream.
 I got enough to do sweeping out these street cars without people traipsing through and dripping milk.
 Well, look, suppose I just sit down here where I'll be out of your way.
 Can't sit there. Why not?
 That's the Mortemann seat.
 I don't intend starting your street car.
 Just the same, you can't sit there. Company rules.
 All right, all right. May I just ask you a simple question?
 Last time a layman said on the Mortemann seat there was trouble.
 Well, look, you have a lost and found apartment down here at the car barns, haven't you?
 Wasn't the lost and found?
 What wasn't?
 Well, I'll run the thing right off the tracks and smack in the cafeteria.
 Look, I'm not interested in your cafeteria.
 It's closed anyway.
 May I just ask one simple question.
 I don't see why not.
 Well now look, a little while ago my son was riding on a streetcar.
 This streetcar?
 I don't know what streetcar. It doesn't matter what streetcar. The point is...
 Mr. E- uh, yes.
 You're dripping in my dirty gimme.
 I'm very sorry.
 The point is he had a phonograph on the street car course on the streetcar and
 play music on the streetcar
 he wasn't playing it he was carrying it that is he set it down and when he picked
 it up he had a typewriter is that so yes sounds like a good trick
 oh it was very simple someone else took his phonograph I know a few good tricks
 Michelle, take a number.
 What?
 Any number.
 Go on.
 Now, wait.
 All I want to know is this was a phonograph turned in here
 this evening.
 A phonograph?
 Yes, belonging to my son.
 Oh, you're trying to find your son's phonograph.
 Yes.
 Why didn't you say so?
 There was one turned in?
 Oh, say look at that time.
 Was there?
 Sorry, Mr. Time for me to go home.
 What?
 You tell your story to the nightmare.
 Now, wait a minute.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 Can I move the footstool over for you, Sam?
 I'll bring you your slippers.
 This is only one thing you can bring me.
 Yes, dear, what is it?
 A large spoon.
 A spoon?
 Yes, I'm going to eat this ice cream.
 Dear, you mean you didn't take it over to the brown?
 Under the circumstances I did not go near the Browns.
 But dear, what about Elizabeth's toothpaste?
 All my life I've wanted to eat a whole quarter of ice cream,
 and now I'm going to sit here quietly by the fire with my book and enjoy myself.
 Of course, dear. Wouldn't you like me to bring you a straw?
 Never mind.
 I'll just drink it.
 Oh, here, you can take this out to the kitchen.
 What is it?
 Salami.
 Salami?
 Friends, boyfriends always buy something.
 My goodness.
 Alice, what's the racket upstairs?
 It's Henry, dear.
 Henry, isn't he at the party?
 He can't find the party.
 They all left Homer's house for the havens
 and where they went from there nobody knows.
 So Henry's up in his room typing.
 Typing?
 He's decided to give up society and write a book.
 He has my whole hearted cooperation.
 But, dear, what are we going to do about the lost phonograph?
 Henry can pay for it when he sells his book.
 Now, Sam...
 Alice will worry about that tomorrow.
 Right now, all I want to do is to sit back and put my feet up and relax.
 You go right ahead, dear.
 Alice, don't move.
 Sam, there's someone at the door.
 I know there is, but don't move.
 This is our quiet night at home.
 Hello!
 Anybody home?
 Hello!
 Alice, who's there?
 I haven't the slightest idea.
 Hello, Alice!
 Hello, Alice!
 This is Mr. and Mrs. Conway, Diane's parents.
 So glad to meet you.
 Nice to meet you, all.
 Oh, Mrs. Aldridge, I can't begin to thank you for all you've done for Diane.
 I don't mind telling you, we were pretty worried about her for a while.
 Oh, have you such a lovely party over at our house?
 We felt we should drop by and say thank you.
 - Well, you're quite welcome.
 And since we've never met you before,
 Mrs. Aldrich Cora thought it'd be nice
 if we really got a queen to do.
 - Talked with that chair over a little closer.
 - We thought the four of us could sort of
 have our own little party.
 - Well.
 - Yes, well.
 - Well, isn't that grand?
 (upbeat music)
 [applause]
 Hey, it is your family and with their stockings on Christmas Eve.
 She was Homer. Who'd want to do a childish thing like that?
 Okay, Henry, okay. But I'd just like to point out one thing.
 What, Homer?
 It may be childish, but think of all the extra surprise presents you get.
 Right, and say here's a surprise package for your holiday meals.
 The new Jell-O Rice Pudding, newest member of the famous Jell-O family.
 There was never anything quite like it before.
 Jell-O Pudding, the 10-minute marble.
 All you do is add milk and boil gently for 10 minutes.
 No fussy mixing, no bothersome custard to make, no cooking for hours on end.
 And you get rice pudding so delicious even expert cooks are amazed.
 Super rich, gloriously creamy with real honest-to-goodness homemade flavor.
 You can have it plain or fancy, thicker, thin however you like it best.
 And once you've tried jello rice pudding, you will never make rice pudding any other way.
 So buy it, try it.
 The 10-minute marble, the new jello rice pudding.
 [Music]
 Here's hoping you'll be in your living room in ours next week at the same time. Good night folks.
 The Oldridge family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer,
 is written by Patricia Jaudrey and Del Dinsdale with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Oldridge are House Jamison and Catherine Roth.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying,
 "The Oldridge family is brought to you by the Jello family."
 For desserts that are delicious,
 I believe me, you should know
 They are me, my famous, J-E-L-L-O
 [
 broadcasting company.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
