 [Music]
 Henry! Henry Oldridge!
 Coming, Mother!
 The Aldrich family, a special rebroadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations.
 [Music]
 And now for the Aldrich family with Dick Jones as Henry and Jackie Kalk as Homer.
 The wonderful thing about the teenage time of your life is the fact that you can experience it twice.
 once in your own teenage and continually thereafter in the misadventures of your own or your neighbor's Henry Aldrich.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room. The time is evening.
 Sam, I don't think you're looking at it from Henry's point of view.
 You're quite right. I'm not. I'm looking at it for Mr. McCalls or whatever his name is, point of view.
 And if you'll remember, Alice, I advised Henry in the first place not to take that job unless he was sure he could stick to it.
 Then that's the whole point. Henry isn't working tonight because he isn't supposed to work.
 He's taking Kathleen to a very nice dance at the country club.
 Yes? Well then what's all the fuss about?
 Yeah, there isn't any fuss.
 Mr. McCall, who hires him, phoned a few minutes ago and wanted to know where the bicycle is.
 That what?
 The bicycle that Henry delivers packages from the drugstore on.
 You mean he's lost it?
 No, Sam, of course he hasn't.
 The bicycle is right out on the front porch.
 Henry didn't understand that he was to return it tonight.
 And don't you think Mr. McCall could be reasonable and let him bring it back tomorrow?
 Because there isn't any other way, is there?
 Alice, you aren't by any chance leading up to the suggestion that I take it back, are you?
 Sam, that hadn't even entered my head.
 Would you want to?
 I would not.
 And Alice, no matter how far Henry has to take that bicycle, if his employer wants it, he should have it.
 But do you think his employer realizes that Henry's only young one,
 And that this is one of the most important dances the club is going to have all seasons.
 No, I don't imagine it does.
 Do you?
 Do I want?
 Yes, I realize a boy is young only once.
 And a man reaches my age only once.
 And I'm going to sit in this chair and read this paper and not deliver any bicycle.
 Mom, are you too busy to fix my necktie, please?
 No, Henry, sit down on the arm of this chair while I straighten.
 Okay.
 Did I just hear you and Father talking about Mr. McCall's bicycle?
 You did.
 Well, look, Father, be sure to remember this.
 When you first push back on the break, your feet will go all the way around once.
 But on the second time around, you'll stop.
 At least you'll usually stop.
 I won't stop at all.
 You won't.
 You mean Mother didn't have a chance to explain things to you?
 Henry, if I gave you the impression that I was going to ask your father to take that bicycle back for you,
 I'm afraid you misunderstood me.
 The one I'm going to ask there is Mary.
 Mary? Mary isn't even here.
 She will be. She'll be back any minute.
 Are you sure? Because I feel very responsible for that bicycle.
 And Kathleen, in the dance.
 You haven't one thing to worry about. Now run upstairs and put your coat on.
 Yes, Mother, sure. Thanks very much.
 Sam, did you see that?
 Did I see what?
 How conscientious he is about it. He wouldn't even put his coat on until I assured him Mary is going to be here.
 All right, Alice. But remember, Mr. McCall has to have that bicycle.
 Sam, you top-jest as though returning a bicycle were the most awful problem in the world.
 Mother!
 He is Mary, are you back?
 Yes, and my goodness, mother, look at what I've just done to my brand-new stocking.
 Mary Aldrich, how did you do that?
 On that old bicycle, what's out on the front porch?
 Mother, I was going to wear these stockings to the dance tonight.
 Mary, you didn't tell me you were going to the dance.
 Mother, don't you remember? I told you at breakfast this morning, and I'm late as it is.
 You mean you haven't timed a...
 Haven't timed a what?
 Nothing, dear. You're only young one.
 Go on up and get your clothes changed.
 I'm going to put in a phone call.
 Hello?
 Number three.
 M232.
 M232.
 Mother, don't you think would be alright if I tell Henry he has to pay for these stockings?
 Mary, Henry only earns 50 cents for a whole afternoon's work, and those stockings cost 89.
 No, Mother, they cost a dollar eight.
 And that makes it worse, aren't you a shame?
 Hello, Mrs. Brown speaking.
 Hello, Elizabeth. This is Alice Aldrich. It's Homer there.
 Why, I just a minute, Alice. Homer, you're one of the telephone.
 Alice, why are you in the way I want to ask you?
 Did you know about the Alice's party?
 Alice, are they giving a party?
 Yes, dear. I understand they've invited scabs of people.
 Really? When is it?
 It's tonight.
 Tonight, Elizabeth. Aren't you invited?
 No. Aren't you invited?
 No. No, I guess you and I aren't included.
 Isn't that terrible? I'm not surprised about myself, Alice, but after all, you were made to tame the Alice.
 Well, that's the way things are, Elizabeth. You never know.
 Oh, just me, Alice. He is Homer. Hello.
 Oh, but can't you say hello, Mrs. Aldrich?
 I didn't know it was Mrs. Aldrich.
 Hello Mrs. Aldrich.
 Hello, dear.
 Why the could you be lacing my shoes?
 How are you Mrs. Aldrich?
 Homer, how would you like to earn a little money?
 Some money?
 Boy.
 It won't be very much, but it'll probably come in very handy.
 Okay, sure.
 When do you want me tomorrow morning?
 No, dear, tonight.
 Tonight?
 Yes, dear. You can do the whole thing tonight.
 Wait. I'm not working tonight, Mrs. Aldrich.
 I'm meeting Agnes at the Country Club.
 Are you sure you wouldn't like to do just one little errand?
 Gee, no, I've got to save myself to dance.
 Well, I thought you were only a young one.
 What's that?
 Nothing, Homer, goodbye.
 Mother!
 Come here, Henry.
 I'm afraid I have something I have to tell you.
 You have, Mother?
 Boy.
 How do I look?
 How do you like my hair this way?
 Henry, I can't begin to tell you how much I appreciate your picking things up for me.
 Are you sure, Mary?
 You'll be back in time?
 Mary's already back.
 The only thing is...
 The only thing is...
 I'm carrying this town that has a mother that...
 You know what I mean?
 Henry, you don't have to hug me quite so tight.
 I was just giving you a little squeeze.
 What was it you wanted to say to me?
 Nothing there. You go right on and have a good time.
 Okay, good night, mother.
 Don't stay out late.
 Okay, and explain to Mary how responsible I feel about that bicycle.
 [Music]
 Why, hello there Mrs. Aldrich!
 Don't tell me you're out wheeling a baby at this time and I.
 You're good eating Mrs. Hopper. No, this is a bicycle.
 Oh, why?
 A delivery bicycle. It has a sidecar.
 Oh, who years? Yeah, I recognized your face, but I couldn't place the sidecar.
 What's that guy called?
 I'm just pushing it over here to Mr. McCall's drugstore.
 Very good exercise.
 Something I can do for you, madam.
 Why, yes. Are you Mr. McCall?
 Yes, ma'am.
 Well, I just returned your bicycle for Henry Oldry.
 Oh, yes. Where's Henry?
 I've got a couple of packages for him to deliver.
 Tonight, I answered the phone, Mr. McCall,
 and I don't remember your saying anything about it when you called.
 And why did you think I wanted the bicycle?
 I understood the boy was responsible.
 I didn't go to him about the job he came to me.
 Mr. McCall, let me make one thing clear.
 Henry feels most responsible about his work here.
 Yeah?
 All right.
 Can you get him on the phone and tell him to come right down here?
 I'm very sorry, but he left the house before I did.
 Oh, are you a sister?
 A sister?
 Do I?
 Really?
 Now look, I've got a new store here.
 I'm trying my best to please my customers.
 A couple of orders come in and I promised them.
 And then your brother lets me down.
 What am I going to do?
 Well, if Henry's being put in the position of...
 up...
 where do your packages go?
 You'll take them out for me?
 Well, I...
 The dollar for it do on this one.
 And 90 cents on this golf man.
 Yes, sir.
 And look out for the break on the bicycle.
 The bicycle?
 You don't mean I'll have to ride it, do you?
 Lady, do you realize how far you have to take those packages?
 Well, my goodness!
 Hello?
 McCall's pharmacy?
 This is Mrs. Allison.
 May I ask about my ice cream?
 This is who?
 Mrs. Allison over on North Street, and I have a whole dining room full of guests waiting for it.
 Oh yes, Mrs. Allison. The girl just left with that.
 See, Kathleen, this is a swell dance.
 Boy, am I having a good time?
 How are you, Henry?
 So am I.
 I never had a better time in my life.
 Hi, Kathleen.
 Hello, Homer.
 But I have the next dance with you.
 I'm sorry, Homer, but I promise it's a Henry.
 You have?
 Boy, am I having a bum time?
 She was-- what's the matter, Homer?
 Agnes, Agnes.
 Do you know what she did?
 She was so anxious to get here.
 She ran out of her front door and rolled right down the steps.
 She had to go back and change her clothes all over again.
 Really?
 Hello Mary! Mary, my sister?
 Yes, this she is!
 What's she coming here?
 Even our cat went...
 Mary, did you have any trouble with that right?
 Good what, Greg?
 Did you notice how your foot slips off the pedal the first time?
 My foot, why?
 Mary, don't you know the bicycle?
 I certainly do know about it.
 I tripped right over it and you owe me a pair of new stockings.
 I do.
 Just for taking it back to Mr. McCall.
 For taking what back?
 The bicycle, the bicycle!
 Didn't mother tell you?
 You didn't even mention it, Henry!
 Oh, boy!
 Henry, where you going?
 I'll be back, Kathleen.
 Just as soon as I get something straightened out.
 Homer!
 Oh, Homer!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Alice.
 Alice.
 Alice, are you upstairs?
 Alice!
 Hello, Sam, how are you speaking?
 Sam, this is Alice.
 What's that?
 Alice, when did you leave the house?
 Well, quite a while ago.
 And dear, I hate to bother you when I know you're reading your paper,
 but I'm afraid you'll have to come over and get me.
 Get you?
 Yes, I have a flat tire.
 Yes.
 You mean you took the car?
 No, dear.
 I have-- well--
 You what?
 Nothing, Sam.
 Just forget it.
 Goodbye.
 Alice, what is it you're talking about?
 Alice, where are you?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, can you hear me mother? Yes, Homer, and I'm sorry but your father doesn't absolutely
 won't help you out. When mother doesn't understand what's happened, Henry gave me 50 cents provided
 I'd go over to his house and get a delivery bicycle he has and take it to McCall's drug
 store, see? Yes, and just after I took the 50 cents and bought some punch with it, who
 Who do you think showed up?
 Oh!
 Agnes with a different dress on.
 And before she'd even day and she had to have some punch too.
 Boy, she went right through 20 cents.
 Well, the hour had to talk with your father.
 Do you think you can get him to take the bicycle over?
 Did you don't have to worry?
 You go over to your dancing after all your only young one.
 Boy, mother, thanks.
 Is that a load off my mind?
 [Music]
 Get over on your own side of the street!
 And suppose you get over on your side, you...
 You have to...
 Alice, over! She's at you or not, machine!
 Harriet, is that you?
 Look out, I'll run over you!
 You haven't had a cat before?
 Not the first time I back up my feet!
 There. Now help me off. Alice may I ask what you're doing.
 Harriet, you're just the person I want to see. Could you take the package of ice cream into the Allison's house here?
 What are you doing?
 Delivering packages.
 Christmas packages?
 They're serving?
 Harriet, the Allison's are giving a party in there and they're waiting for their ice cream and I haven't been invited and...
 And so you'll just have to take it in for.
 What else I'm late for a bridge party over at the Anderson?
 But don't you understand, dress the way I am, I don't want to go into the house.
 And frankly, need to do I. They'll only think I'm trying to crash their party.
 Now, Harriet, do you remember on your 13th birthday when you were too bashful to ask Bill Townsend to your party?
 And I did it for you. And you swore you'd do anything in the world for me anytime I asked you?
 No.
 Harriet, you did so.
 Well, look, you're going right over by Maple Street.
 Could you at least lead this model of cost here up at 227?
 Is it important?
 It's very important.
 Mr. McCall just started a new drugstore
 and Henry's trying to help him out.
 Well, all right.
 And incidentally, Harriet, there's 90 cents to do
 on the call syrup.
 Don't lose it in the brig game.
 [SIRENS]
 Hello, McCause Pharmacy.
 Lady, I sent that cough syrup out from here nearly 40 minutes ago.
 That's right.
 I've got a new delivery girl, see?
 And you know how it is these days.
 You've got to take just about anything you can get.
 What's that?
 Oh well, when the girl gets there, you give it the bottle you want refilled and tell her to bring it right in here.
 Oh, forget it. What trouble is it? Goodbye.
 Good evening.
 Oh, good evening. Something I can do for you.
 I could you tell me, have you seen my wife this evening?
 Your wife? Isn't this where Henry Aldrich works?
 Well, this is where he's supposed to work.
 But what I mean is, did my wife bring a bicycle down here?
 Oh, are you Henry's brother-in-law?
 Or how do you do?
 I beg your pardon.
 I don't want to complain about your wife, sir.
 But I sent her out with some packages over an hour ago.
 Some packages?
 Yes, and I've got some more for it to take on.
 She hasn't come back yet.
 You mean, Alice?
 My wife?
 And what I want to know is what you're going to do about it.
 What I'm going to do about it, I suppose that your family was the kind that could be relied on.
 And we are the kind that can be relied on.
 That's why we're helping you out.
 What do you mean by we?
 I haven't seen you do anything yet.
 But, Dad?
 Listen, I'm going a lot and deliver a couple of more orders.
 You stay here and take care of the store.
 What's that?
 And if there's anything you can't find, just ask.
 Ask.
 Ask Cole.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
 Kathleen, do you mind if I suggest something?
 Hi, Penny. Let's sit this next dance hour.
 Alright.
 As a matter of fact, let's go out on the porch and get some air.
 Alright?
 Hmm. Boy, do I feel good.
 Ever since I got home or lined up to take that bicycle back for me.
 It just goes to show.
 What goes to show?
 I was just talking to Mr. Scott a few minutes ago
 and he asked me whether I wouldn't like a job working for him.
 Really?
 Provided I can give him some good references.
 And gee, I wouldn't hesitate a minute asking Mr. McCall for once.
 Honey, who's that girl down there?
 Is that Agnes Lawson?
 Where?
 The end of the porch.
 Don't you see her in the moonlight?
 Where do you suppose that boy is?
 Let's walk down and see.
 Way like Tell-em-er.
 Way like Tell-em-er.
 Now listen, Henry, you keep away from here.
 Tell-em-er, is that you?
 Come on, Agnes, let's get away from her.
 Hey Homer, how about my bicycle? Don't you realize my reputation that's safe?
 We'll be back with the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 [Music]
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
 [applause]
 [music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Olbridge.
 Because she has decided her son is young only once,
 Mrs. Olbridge has consented to return a bicycle for Henry
 in order that he may go to the country club dance.
 The scene opens.
 Homer Brown's father is speaking.
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Is Elizabeth Brown speaking?
 Hello, Elizabeth.
 This is Will.
 Who?
 Will your husband?
 I can't find that bicycle of Henry's.
 Did you look all over there, Yarn?
 I've walked into every tree out there and there's still no sign of it.
 Well, Will, where are you now?
 I'm in the orchard's front hall.
 And Elizabeth, I'm in my house slippers and I'm standing in water.
 I can't be responsible if they aren't more careful where they put their bases of flowers.
 Well dear, you just got to find that bicycle.
 Oh, Mrs. Henny was very much concerned about getting the heat being taken back,
 and he won't enjoy the dance one bit if he knows who falls out on him.
 I'll give him ten more minutes and then I quit. Good-bye.
 Goodbye.
 Where did that come from?
 Hold your horses.
 Hello.
 Hello, is this you, Father?
 Is this Homer? Where are you?
 It isn't Homer. It's Henry.
 It is. Well, this is Mr. Brown.
 Mr. Brown, she was going to get the wrong number.
 My father.
 Now, wait. Where's your bicycle?
 Hello.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Excuse me, leave it.
 Could you give me some information?
 What is your like to know, lady?
 Well, have you and the idea where number 227 would be here on Maple Street?
 No, let's see now. Isn't it this house right here?
 No, I was just in there and they haven't had a cold all year.
 What's that?
 227 Maple Street ordered this cough syrup and I'd like to get rid of it so I can go to a bridge party.
 How about trying that house across the street?
 I tried that one too. They said they don't think there is any 227.
 Let's see the address on your package.
 Here you are.
 Hmm.
 That's 227, all right?
 Or 277?
 It was?
 And that certainly says Maple Street or is it marble?
 Marble?
 Well, I wouldn't get discouraged, lady.
 You're on the right track, anyhow.
 [Music]
 No, I'm sorry to keep you waiting. Is that something I can do for you?
 Yes, sir. I'd like a chocolate frosted.
 A chocolate one?
 Frosted.
 Oh. That's something to drink, isn't it?
 It certainly is. It's made with chocolate syrup, milk, and ice cream.
 Yes, and that's all.
 And then you put it in that mixing.
 Yeah, well, that sounds easy enough.
 Now there we'll get a glass.
 There we are.
 Oh, I didn't do.
 I get one that big.
 Well, I think this is a drinking glass.
 It couldn't be just an ornament, could it?
 Now, let's see.
 I guess the logical thing would be to start with the chocolate.
 Chocolate.
 Chocolate.
 You wouldn't be interested in strawberry, would you?
 No, thank you.
 I've got strawberry right here.
 But of course, lemons, that's for a little.
 Maybe they keep a chocolate in one of these bowls.
 Oh, no, that's the cherries.
 How would you like to have me throw a cherry in?
 No, thank you.
 How about that other bowl?
 This one?
 Yes, what in that?
 Well, I never saw anything like that before.
 It's sort of a leather.
 Isn't that whipped cream?
 So it is.
 I'd grab a long time since I've seen any whipped cream.
 Isn't this chocolate right here?
 Oh yes, good for you.
 Well, here we go.
 My goodness, isn't that quite a lot of chocolate?
 Are you going to have room for the milk?
 Oh yes.
 We don't.
 We'll get another glass and I'll drink part of it.
 How did you ever done this before?
 Well, not as a general rule.
 Actually, I'm a lawyer.
 Oh, and you have to take this job night.
 Oh.
 Well, I have to take it tonight, anyhow.
 Now let's see, here's the ice cream.
 I wonder what they take it out with.
 Isn't there a scoop?
 No, and I certainly don't want to use my hands.
 My hands? No.
 Oh, here it is right here.
 Now then.
 Is that vanilla?
 No, yes, you can't fool me on vanilla.
 Well...
 All you have to do is pull that little jigger
 and the ice cream drops right out.
 Yes, I'll realize that.
 But for some reason, for some reason,
 would you excuse me a minute while I go out and back
 and see whether I can find a screwdriver?
 (upbeat music)
 - Good evening.
 - Good evening.
 Are you Mrs. Allison's maid?
 - I am.
 Don't tell me that the ice cream you have.
 I'm afraid it is. I was delayed a little on the way and you were delayed.
 Wasn't that you? I saw standing right out in front of the house for the last 15 minutes.
 Yes, I was trying to get some boy. That is, I'm sorry, but here's your ice cream.
 You don't want it. You don't have to take it. Thank you. And there's a dollar forty-two.
 All right. Wait. Right out there. That's what I intend to do.
 Oh, Amy. Yes, Mrs. Allison. It's finally here and there's one forty collectors on it.
 All right. I'll go right out and pay the boy. Isn't a boy? It's a girl.
 girl yes man now then young woman here's your dollar 40 and 10 10 oh my goodness is
 that June this is all rich why yes yes good evening Mrs. Alice well where's the
 young woman the brought the ice cream what did she do we'll go on back to the
 store well I yes yes I guess she must have and look at my keeping you standing
 I'm so glad you decided to come.
 Where's Miss Baldry?
 Oh no, I couldn't think of coming in.
 Why not? We'd love to have you.
 Oh, really?
 And is that...
 As a matter of fact, I don't know why I came over at all.
 No.
 Well, was there something you wanted to do?
 No. No, just forget the whole thing.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Oh my goodness.
 Oh, did you hurt yourself, Mrs. Baldry?
 No! No, I just fell over my bicycle.
 [Music]
 Say, isn't there anybody in charge of this store?
 The clerk just went around and back again.
 Yes?
 He's been nicking me a chocolate process for the last half hour.
 He ran into a little trouble.
 Yes? And Mr. McCall, hello there.
 I only have a minute. I want to get back home.
 Now then, what can I do for you?
 Here's what I want to ask. That by say is that you, Sam Orridge?
 Hello, well, Brown.
 What are you doing in that apron?
 Well, I unfortunately put some lemon ice cream in this chocolate frosted,
 and you know any place I could throw it?
 Sam, I can't find that bicycle anywhere. Where is it?
 Oh, that's all right. Alice has it.
 Alice has it. She's out delivering.
 delivery she's what listen Sam have you bought this from start
 all right I'm all right Harriet where did you come from I finally found two 27
 maple Street for the ladies says I can't have my 90 cents until I get this
 bottle filled for them what's it for I don't know but I've got a bridge game
 wait just a minute Harriet hello Nicole's pharmacy good evening
 well Mr. McCall this is Henry this is who Henry always remember I called up to
 I'll stay every sign.
 Henry, this is your father.
 Hey, you father.
 She was how they get the wrong number.
 Goodbye.
 But Henry, Henry.
 Young man, what about my profit, chocolate?
 Just a minute, lady, and I'll be right with you.
 We'll come behind this counter and give me a hand.
 Why?
 Hey, Mr. McCall.
 Oh, Mr. McCall.
 Hi, is that you?
 Sam Orgridge, how did you happen to leave the house in a dirty apron?
 You want me to get chocolate all over my suit?
 Well, dear, have you got a dollar, 40?
 If you have, give it to Mr. McCall right away because I'm quitting.
 You're what?
 Hello, McCall's pharmacy. Good evening.
 Is this McCall?
 It is.
 This is Henry Orange, Mr. McCall.
 Henry, don't you know your own father when he speaks to you?
 Listen, father, I thought you said this was McCall.
 How do I keep getting the wrong number? Come on.
 Henry!
 Wait.
 Yes, father? Did you want me?
 Why are you quitting your job down here?
 I've got a swell room with Mr. Scott.
 Doing what?
 It's my outdoor work, making cement.
 Don't you think Mother will like me to have me take it?
 No, Henry, you're not to get your mother mixed up in any cement!
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 [applause]
 [music]
 [music]
 Father, what's that picture you're drawing?
 I'm not drawing any picture, Henry. I'm just doodly.
 Doodly? That looks like a bicycle you drew.
 It is a bicycle.
 What's that thing that's lighting it?
 Mother love.
 Mother love?
 And what are those things lying in the street that it just ran over?
 Those are my pride, my common sense, and my reputation.
 The Aldrich family is written by Clifford Goldsmith with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich, our house, Jamison and Catherine Rock.
 [Music]
