 [Music]
 Henry Oldrich!
 Coming, Mother!
 The Oldrich family!
 A special rebroadcast for you soldiers, sailors, and Marines of the United Nations.
 [Music]
 The nearest thing to perpetual motion is a typical teenage American boy.
 A youngster like Henry Aldrich, for instance, never rests.
 He's always on the go and always keeping others on the go.
 The scene opens in the old-rich living room. The time is afternoon.
 Henry, may I ask aren't you the one who left this broom in here?
 That broom, mother? That broom? Yes, dear.
 Mrs. Oldrich, we had to use it to see whether we could find something under the sofa there.
 It doesn't matter what you were using it for, Homer. When you're through with something, you should put it back.
 And may I ask you that that desk drawer opened?
 Whoa! Homer, didn't you close that desk drawer?
 Who I, Henry?
 And Henry, look at that piano, bitch!
 Oh, yes, it's wide open, isn't it?
 And Mrs. Aldrich, may I explain something to you about that piano bench?
 Now, Homer, does your mother like to see things left open like that?
 Who, my mother? She, she never so much as raises, and I brow over a thing like that.
 Really? Well, when I go out in the kitchen in the minute, I'm going to ask her.
 Out in the kitchen, Mrs. Aldrich? Is my mother out in your kitchen?
 She is. Henry, what do you say we take a little walk?
 Listen, Homer, will you help me close it?
 In the darn desk drawer?
 What's Mary? We... stand back so I can...
 So I get look Henry you be shutting the piano bench
 Gee whiz okay, go ahead and close if you're so strong. Let me see you close one makes you think I can
 Now listen home, and you should never close a drawer with your feet
 I didn't I put a sheet of paper between my foot and the drawer when you're
 What else it was that we were supposed to close wait? Let's see. What's it that glass book case now listen?
 Homer put your foot down. Do you hear me? I'm putting it down Henry. I thought the darn case was open
 Do you see anything that does me closing that isn't well?
 Where are you telling I'll wait just a second while I go out and ask my mother if you see my mother the teller and behaving
 Mother yes, and I hello there Henry. Oh, hello, Mrs. Brown. Homer's all right. He's what there isn't anything to worry about a mother
 I don't want you to think I didn't pay any attention to you, but but listen dear
 Didn't you just come through that door which door that one you just left open? Yes, sure well
 Is there something you oh?
 Yes.
 Boy, am I dumb.
 Now, what was it you wanted to ask me?
 Right.
 What was it you wanted Homer and me to close?
 What was it?
 Naturally, there I want you to close everything you left open.
 Yes, Mother, sure, but it's hard for me to tell
 what things are open that I didn't close,
 so I didn't open it first.
 I mean--
 And what about the broom?
 Oh, yes, the broom.
 How was it?
 I'll go get it.
 And Henry, how about that door you just opened again?
 Well, isn't it clear, Mother?
 I'm going to bring a broom right back through it.
 Henry?
 Yes, Mother, I'm closing it.
 Alice, I'm glad you see your training, Henry, like that.
 - Well, Elizabeth, I've always said I don't care
 whether my children graduate with honors,
 and I don't care whether they ever make a lot of money.
 But there is one thing I shall always insist on,
 and that is they do not go through life
 leaving things open behind them.
 - And I agree, Alice.
 I started a week of married training real,
 and I resolved a day Homer was born
 at the woman he married,
 will never go through what I had to go through.
 - You mean you never have trouble with Homer?
 - No, not anymore.
 He hasn't left anything open since he was three years old.
 - Mrs. Aldrich, are you by any chance alone?
 - No, Homer, your mother's here.
 Oh yes, call mother.
 Home, I closed that door.
 Closest?
 You mean, I'm not staying, mother.
 I just popped in long enough to ask Mrs. Old
 which whether she has a few spare cookies she could spare.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, but, uh, what have I always said about people
 that leave doors open?
 Ferroittorous.
 All closes.
 Oh!
 Who do you went, Homer?
 What's the matter, you're buying the door right in a person's place?
 I didn't know you were coming in here, Henry.
 I just-- why didn't you knock or something?
 There.
 Oh, Murk, if you and Henry but each like a cookie, you'll find them in that cupboard up there.
 Yes, Mrs. Paul.
 Thank you, Mother.
 But you're not to eat any until you put that broom away at the head of the cellist's
 day as well.
 Yes, Mother, that's where I'm heading right this minute.
 I'll be getting the cookie stand out of this cupboard, Henry.
 Oh, boy, Mrs. Old, rich old boy.
 They're my favorite kind, too.
 Here, Henry, do you want one?
 Yeah, sure.
 Thanks very much.
 Oh, huh?
 Yes, Mother.
 Haven't you forgotten something?
 Who I?
 Here, do you want a cookie?
 That is not what I'm referring to.
 Oh, I know you want me to close the cookie jar.
 There.
 Whoa, that's only part of what you're gonna do.
 It is?
 It is?
 Don't look down at your feet. Look up.
 Ah!
 Ow!
 Oh, Homer, did you hurt your head on the cupboard doo?
 Now don't be afraid of putting that on.
 The only way he ever learns anything.
 Come on, Homer.
 Let's see where I left out. Who's it?
 I can't find out the stationery store.
 Okay, let's go.
 And listen, Homer, you're coming out of the door, last.
 Don't let me have to speak to you.
 You won't.
 Goodbye, Mrs. All.
 It's goodbye, mother.
 Goodbye.
 - There, Alice, is a very good example of how a little firm and cysting can teach them
 but he'll never forget.
 - Elizabeth!
 - Yes, Alice?
 - Do you happen to know how that door about a cellar stays not open?
 - Footdoor.
 - Oh, Alice.
 - Oh, Alice.
 - Oh, dear, could he live in my home?
 - No, Henry left it open when he put his broom in there.
 - He did.
 - Well, I didn't even I do.
 - I'd make Henry come back in no matter where he is or what he's doing and close that door.
 - Henry!
 Henry!
 - Hello!
 - Goodbye, Mother.
 - Don't wait, Jennifer, if I'm late.
 Mary, you're just the person I want on your way downtown, dear.
 Look for Henry, and tell him he's to come right straight back here.
 But, Mother...
 And Mary, if you see Homer, you're telling to come back too.
 If he sees Henry get away with a thing like this, you'll think he can do it.
 But Mrs. Brown, I have thought of an engagement and I'm terribly late for it.
 Dear, do you realize the government's trying to save fuel so we can win this war?
 You mean they left the furnace wide open on a night stay like this?
 They've been leaving everything wide open, Mary.
 Oh, my goodness.
 And Mary, I want you to find Henry and Homer and tell him they'd come back here and see what they've done.
 Really?
 You think we ought to call father?
 Your mother and I can handle that, Mary.
 And if you think anything of your brother's character
 in Homer's future, you will find him.
 Yes, Mrs. Brown, you can depend on me.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 But Kathleen, I'm trying to explain why I'm late.
 When it seems to me, Mary, you're always late.
 You always have an excuse.
 Kathleen, I'm not trying to give you just an ordinary excuse.
 Something awful has happened at our house.
 And I can't do a thing until I found Henry in Homer.
 I'm gonna say that our whole heating system or something.
 Yeah, what did they do?
 I don't know. Everything's wide open and mothers just...
 Wait until I...
 Get my breath Kathleen.
 She says their characters are going all the pieces.
 And when they see what they've done, they'll be completely ashamed of themselves.
 Well, Mary, if you didn't hear where they are...
 No, I just met somebody that thought he'd seen them headed out old church roads.
 But he isn't sure.
 And Kathleen, you've got to help me find them.
 Did you find it, Henry? Did you find it?
 Sure, Homer. I knew all the time I left it in this stationary store.
 And something I can do for you, boys?
 No, thank you. I just found the Mother's Day card I bought in here this morning.
 I'm right in this store with all your other Mother's Day cards.
 And, incidentally, would you mind if I exchange it for this other one?
 You don't like the first one?
 Well, I tell you. My mother's done an awful lot for me, and frankly,
 well, I feel I ought to spend more than a dime on it.
 Let's see it, Henry. Let's see it. What does it say?
 here my heart is an open door to the mother I adore my aim and wife is to
 please her as I always have a door tell me what does that mean I don't know
 but it sounds pretty good and don't you think she'd appreciate it sure and by
 paying a nickel more you sure you've got something of course here's the five
 cents mister okay I'll close the door up why we closed it oh you have now
 that's very thoughtful of you not one customer and ten ever thinks of closing
 No, G. I guess we're just well trained.
 Boy, I'll say. That's one thing we're very particular about.
 Goodbye.
 Uh, goodbye.
 Hurry up, Henry.
 Listen, Homer, do you realize what you've just did?
 Why?
 Turn around and walk.
 You walk right out of that door and let it all the way open.
 Go to G-Wiz. Boy, am I Carolyn.
 I'll say.
 Uh, just a minute, boys.
 Uh, could I go in there for you?
 Oh, excuse me. I'll open it for you.
 That is...
 G-Wiz.
 Homer, why don't you open it for us?
 Can you imagine that? It doesn't seem to...
 Is it too hard for you to open?
 Look out, Homer. Let me open it for you.
 Okay, Henry. Okay. If you know so much about it.
 Well, she wins.
 Homer, what'd you do to it?
 Henry, there isn't anything to worry about.
 There's a lady on the other side that's coming out.
 She'll open it for us.
 Oh, sure.
 Come on, lady. We're not coming in. You come on out.
 Homer, she can't open it.
 She can? Come on, Henry. I think we better be going.
 [Music]
 Mr. Bartlett, Mr. Bartlett, are the penny-origin hover-bounds on by here?
 I don't even know them, Kathleen.
 Oh, my goodness, they're wanting for something very important.
 You mean that law?
 No, they're not children. In fact, they're about this tall, and one means we wear the gray sweater, and the animal means we wear the blue sweater.
 And you want them at your house?
 Well, no, the oldies just want to get hold of them.
 Apparently, they did something terrible to the basement. It's just ruined the heating system.
 I'm upset about it and several others are out looking for them.
 Oh, they're dressed in gray and blue, eh?
 I'll keep my eyes open for them.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello there, Mr. Aldrich.
 You're going down the street?
 Hello there.
 How long I wait out the courthouse?
 Oh, yes.
 Well, wait a second and I'll walk along with you.
 All right, sir.
 You see, you know all about everything that's going on here in town.
 What's the real story about Joe?
 Hey, you know the run's a stationary store.
 I just won by his place and apparently the sheriff would slap the catalog on his door.
 Hey, don't say so. Well, that's what it looked like.
 It was close tight and the whole crowd had collected around.
 Is that right?
 - Is that right? - Oh, sir. Oh, hello, Kathleen.
 - Excuse me, Mary. - No, I haven't, Kathleen.
 No, I'm in a terrible hurry, but if you see it, tell her I'm on their trail.
 - On that trail? - Yes, I've heard about the awful thing that happened at your house.
 What did you say? Kathleen!
 Well, that's a fine thing to tell me, just as I'm going into the courthouse.
 going into the courthouse.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [SIREN WAILING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [SIREN WAILING]
 Well, as I was saying, it was back about 1921
 Wilbert Curd in New York.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 Mother, I haven't been able to locate them.
 Mary, you're interrupting Mrs. Brown.
 I'm interrupting her?
 Yes, dear.
 She's telling me about something I've always wanted to hear.
 Good mother, haven't I made it clear?
 I haven't been able to find them.
 You haven't been able to find whom, Mary.
 Why, Henry, and home are of course.
 Nothing's behind your hair of them.
 Oh, of course.
 Mary, you mean you haven't found them yet?
 No, and what are we going to do?
 Mary, don't pose that cell door.
 Why not, Mother?
 Just leave it open, please.
 Leave it open exactly the way you found it.
 Bye.
 Mary, please find the boys.
 Hello.
 Hello.
 Hello.
 George Griton speaking.
 Hello, George.
 This is Sam Orange.
 Yes, Sam.
 George, I've been trying to get my house.
 And if you've got the time, I want you to run over there
 and see what happens
 are you talking about the two vandals that broke in the two vandals that's what I
 heard Sam they got into your basement and left your heating system wide open
 and is your place to site
 they don't say so well George William Shurrins I carry with you cover me on
 that of course Sam and here's what somebody who's been talking with your
 daughter told me one of the boys was dressed in a gray coat and the other in
 a blue coat they were pretty low carrying that
 father excuse me George what is it Henry
 to whom when I bought you for a second
 Henry, what is it you want?
 We just want to ask you for some advice, Mr. Orr.
 Good boy, will you please close that door?
 Don't be with excuses.
 Boy, Henry, will you put up on a raft?
 Now then, George.
 I'll go right over to your house, Sam, and look things over.
 Thanks. Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 Father, could I ask you something?
 And it is no time to bother me.
 I've got to call your mother.
 Hello?
 Number three.
 I want Elm 303.
 Elm 303.
 Father, I suppose a fellow runs a sort of a source, Ian.
 And just by accident, it works out so that nobody can get in.
 Who's responsible?
 Who's responsible for what?
 Well, that's what we want to know, Mr. Olrich.
 Nobody can get in and look so nobody can get out.
 Hello?
 Alice, this is Sam.
 I've just heard what those boys did from someone who was talking with Mary.
 Are you pretty upset?
 Yes, I am.
 And Sam, no matter what you say,
 I think it's the kind of thing that ought to be followed up.
 But I'm not pretty sorry to you, I agree.
 I just don't understand how you let them get away.
 Here, I was sitting in the kitchen visiting with Elizabeth Brown
 and we didn't realize what they'd done until after they'd gone.
 How did this all start?
 They came to the kitchen, Sam, and wanted some cookies, and I gave them some.
 And they left something wide open?
 Not wide open, Sam, but what's the difference, mother?
 It's all the way up, three inches, but then he just does the same.
 And may I have tried? You didn't call me first thing.
 Because I didn't want to bother you.
 And I didn't know that he would feel it was serious, and I'll just...
 Alice, don't be absurd. Of course it's serious. I'm going out and trying to find them.
 Now, Sam, if you do find them, don't lose your temper.
 Lose my temper? What do you mean?
 Well, remember, they aren't very holy.
 That doesn't make any difference. Goodbye.
 Father, what were you talking about?
 Where's my hat to coat?
 I'm Mr. Orrics before you go on a place.
 Could you give us some ideas to whether we're responsible?
 I mean, about putting somebody accidentally out of business.
 Boys, there are other things more important than that. Come with me.
 With you, Father.
 I want to get my hands on two young fellows,
 and I'll probably need your help in case they try to run away.
 [Music]
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 In trying to train her son to close things behind him,
 Mrs. Aldrich has sent word downtown for Henry to come back and close the cellar door.
 In so doing, she has quite innocently started a rumor that someone has wrecked the Aldrich home.
 The scene opens on the front porch of a house a few miles outside town.
 Henry, don't ring that bell again if anybody's home or that's at the door.
 Yes, Father. Are you sure they came out here on old church, relative Mr. Ulrich?
 I mean, the two hoodlums we're looking for.
 Yes, Homer, at least that's the report.
 - How do you do it? - Oh, how do you do?
 This is Mr. Ulrich, I live back in town.
 I wondered whether anyone in your family happened to see a couple of young fellows out this way,
 but apparently escaped from the County Reform School.
 Oh, my. And then with law?
 Yes, ma'am, but we're closing in on them, we're pretty sure.
 Oh, my. No, I haven't been.
 And they broke into our house and did quite a bit of damage.
 If you happen to run across them, will you phone Elm 303?
 I certainly will, but I hope they don't ring my dole, Del.
 All we know is that they're very fond of cookies. In case I help, Janie.
 Well, thank you. Good-bye.
 Now which way are we going, Mr. Aldrich?
 We've got to get in the car here and go right on out until we locate them.
 Homer, let me see those two guys. If you know what we ought to do, why?
 Just walk up to them and though we knew them real well and fight,
 well, how are you anyhow?
 Yeah, and then what?
 And then before they know what happened, we'll jump on them.
 Sure, I'll take the one in blue and you take the one in gray.
 What's the matter, father? Haven't you turned the ignition on?
 I've turned it on.
 Mr. All, it's you on me to stand on the running board the way I do on my father's car and jump up and down a little.
 Homer just remains seated and keep quiet. We're out of gas.
 Oh, is that all, it's the matter. We're just out of gas.
 That's all. And your mother has the coupons back home.
 [Music]
 Well, how do you do?
 Hello Mrs. Aldrich, it's Charlie Clark. I've got to get something for your father.
 I mean for your mother. Look, I was just riding my bicycle out on old church road and I found it.
 Charlie, you found who?
 Well, I ran into Mr. Aldrich, see. And he said, "Would I please come here and get your gas coupon?"
 - Of course, come in. - Okay.
 And Charlie, will you pose the door please?
 Oh, did you want to close?
 I'm sorry, but that's one thing I'm very particular about.
 You must be tired, Charlie.
 Wouldn't you like a banana or something?
 But Mrs. Aldrich, he's dry, he's dry.
 Oh, Mr. Aldrich needs some gas right away.
 Oh, now let me see.
 Coupons are right and it's this drawer.
 I can get it open.
 - Do you want me to help you, Mrs. Aldrich?
 - Well, but whoever closed this last
 shouldn't have posed it all the way.
 Well, we've got a drawer at our house like, oh gee whiz.
 What's the matter?
 The handle came off right in my hand.
 So there we've got to get this drawer open.
 Well look, Mrs. Olrich, have you got a hammer and chisel?
 (dramatic music)
 I'm sorry, Mr. Rorich, but I haven't seen anything
 of a couple fellas like that.
 No.
 Mr., can I have a package of chewing gum, please?
 Yeah, here you are.
 I'd order a milkshake on you.
 I haven't got any more money with me.
 And I know Mr. Oldrich has too much on his mind to loan me any.
 What's that, Homer?
 That's all right, Mr. Oldrich. That's all right.
 I shouldn't drink a milkshake just before dinner anyhow.
 And when you look down the road a minute ago, did you see anything at Charlie Clark?
 No, Father, there wasn't any sign of it.
 Well, I know what your father could do.
 I don't know why I didn't think of it before.
 What, Homer?
 You don't need coupons to get gas.
 He was my father, has a lot of trucks.
 You can get all the gas you want.
 Thank you, Homer. That's very kind of you.
 But I happen to know that your father obeys the law.
 What law?
 I'm a side you down looking for those two boys in town.
 Henry Aldrich, you're such you in there.
 She lives marine-ported you come from.
 He's been looking all over for you and your grandpa.
 What for?
 Has anyone told you about all the damage that was done and how upset Mother is?
 Sure, I know all about it, Mary. That's why Homer and I are on here.
 That's why you're out here.
 You don't care how Mother feels?
 Surely, do, Mary. But we're helping her. We're helping her in our own way.
 Sure.
 Well, you just wait, Henry, until I tell Father about your attitude and it matters.
 But Mary...
 She always gets so darn excited.
 Sure.
 Over something she doesn't understand the first thing about.
 Henry, where are you going?
 I'm just going to step over here and close the school booth, or some of that part reopening.
 Just how much damage was done at your house?
 Wait, we haven't seen the damage yet, but we understand the first two floors are practically white-bound.
 Yes?
 My father said he tried nothing sure if he gets the whole downstairs all gone over the way he's always wanted it.
 Say him the incidentally, where is your father?
 Where is your father?
 Oh, then. She was the new step outside?
 He did.
 How'd you get out there without our scene?
 Come on, maybe try to park his car.
 Oh boy, Henry.
 Homer, will you please close that door and close me?
 Hello, rustic milkshake boy.
 Hello, this is Mr. Orange speaking.
 Who?
 Mr. Orange, could you let me out, please?
 Let's get out, where are you?
 I'm right around here in one of your phone booth.
 Somebody close the door and you can't get out.
 Oh, Mr. Orange, you should never have closed that.
 We've had trouble before.
 Boy, I wish your father would show up in me.
 It's getting kind of cold waiting in this car.
 You'll be along, Homer. You'll be along.
 Instead of sitting here wasting time,
 my father could have been out here by now with all the gas coupons you need.
 Oh, my father's very particular about not using anybody else's coupons.
 And besides, here comes the tolling truck.
 Maybe my father's on.
 Oh, boy. Come on, let's get him. Watch him hook her.
 Mom, she was just going right by.
 Well, in the first place, Henry, it isn't a towing
 pocket to telephone company trucks.
 Oh, yeah.
 And look, they're pulling right up in front of the milkshake bar.
 See?
 A couple of guys are going inside with a lot of heavy tools.
 Come on, Henry, let's go in and see what they're going to do.
 Listen, Homer, the thing for us to do is to stay right here by this car.
 So my father can put his hands on us when he wants it.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (music)
 Wasn't that awful, Mother? I mean, about Henry refusing to come home.
 Yes, Mary.
 And, Mother, will you please tell me something else?
 What is it? What was it Mr. Britain wanted when he was here?
 Yeah, I don't know. I was busy trying to get the gas coupons out of the bin.
 Mother, it was the clear thing. You wanted to go all through the house.
 Mary threw the whole house?
 Yes, Mother. He said he wanted to start the basement and work his way up all the way to the attic.
 And after he left, I saw him practically every door in the house open.
 Really?
 Isn't father's gonna sell a house?
 Well, was Mr. Britain interested?
 Alice!
 Who's saying is that you on out in the kitchen?
 Alice, would you please tell me why you couldn't send the gas coupons out to me?
 See you, I was going to send them out, and I had to send Charlie Clark for us to get a cop in there so we could get them.
 Get them? Where are they?
 And in the meantime, Sam, you got a banana out of the icebox and let the door wide open.
 What did that to do with it?
 Well, don't you understand? We're entirely defrosted.
 You, what's that in your hair?
 My hair? What do you mean?
 My goodness, Todd, you've got wood shavings all over your head.
 Yeah? You know how this telephone company gives very good service.
 The gift card? Did you find them, Sam?
 Did I find them? No, I didn't find them. How could I when I ran out of gas?
 Tell me, Sam, have you offered to sell our house?
 But you asked that. You mean we're going to have to get out?
 Father, don't you like it anymore?
 Like this? Of course I like it. But it's never going to be the same, Mary. How could it be?
 Sam, Mary asked exactly what you're talking about.
 Mother, are you having a kitchen?
 Well, Henry, is that you?
 Yes. Did Father tell you what happened to him?
 I did not.
 Well, Jean, this is all Vicki should have been there.
 They had to leave the booth right down on its side and roll them out.
 What? I do not know what you're talking about, but I knew though I've been waiting for you all at the noon.
 For us, Mrs. Aldrich?
 I want you to take a look.
 Take a look, mother.
 Oh, can we have some more cookies?
 Sure, I'll get them out of the cupboard.
 Homer leaves the cookies on the shelf, and look over there for the cellar stairs.
 Both of you.
 The cellar stairs?
 It's something I did?
 It most certainly is.
 How recently did he do it, Mrs. Aldrich?
 Alice, what have they done?
 Boy, do you see that cello door?
 It's open.
 It's open, Mrs. Hall.
 Alice, do you mean...
 Alice, do you mean...
 And, Ben, I'm very glad you found them for me.
 Now, Henry, please close that door.
 Yes, Mama.
 Well, I'm glad that's settled.
 And I hope it'll be a very good lesson to you.
 Mrs. Hall, do you mean...
 [GUNSHOT]
 Alice!
 Ben, did you hurt yourself?
 Who left that cover door open?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [applause]
 This is the Armed Forces Radio Service.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
