 [SOUND]
 The Oldridge family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmith and
 starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kalk as Homer.
 Henry, Henry Oldridge.
 >> Coming, mother.
 [MUSIC]
 [Music]
 And now for the Aldrich family.
 In the fall of the year most growing things had their foliage and settled down to rest for the winter.
 brother and impulsive teenage boy never rests in the case of Henry all rich the
 fall air merely increases his normal speed the scene opens in the centerville
 butcher shop on Main Street it is early afternoon and now then Henry I guess
 you're next well mr. Prichard I'm here so I see here I am mr. Prichard I've come
 to pick up my order what order see where's my wingers remember I phoned and asked
 if you'd get me $3 worth of extra fresh ones.
 - Oh, oh you did?
 - Sure.
 - Oh, sure.
 - Sure.
 Gee, is that Charlie Clark going by?
 Excuse me a minute.
 Hey Charlie.
 - Hi Henry.
 - Charlie, have the kids got everything straight?
 - Sure I guess so.
 - You're all to go to Mac oracle's Rocks on your bike.
 - Sure.
 - And nobody's to light the fire until I get there.
 - Okay.
 - Okay.
 - Why?
 - Why, why?
 - Why do we have to wait till you get there?
 Because Charlie, because I'm organizing the whole thing.
 Oh.
 Sure.
 Why?
 Why?
 Why?
 She was so nothing will go wrong.
 Henry, did you say $2 worth or $3 worth?
 $3, Mr. Prichard?
 OK.
 Extra fresh.
 Now listen, Charlie.
 Charlie, Charlie, where'd you go to?
 She was.
 Mr. Prichard, are you taking those weiners out
 of the showcase?
 Sure.
 But didn't you order special ones just for me?
 Why?
 Sure, Henry.
 I've just been saving them just for you right here in the corner of the showcase.
 Oh, oh well that's good.
 Boy have I got a headache.
 Oh that's too bad.
 I don't know why I let myself get talked into managing these things.
 Excuse me.
 Do you mind if I just watch you weigh those weiners?
 Hey, I'll look Henry.
 Just keep away from these scales.
 I'd be glad to only I have to look after all the little details such as
 Well such as such is what well mr.. Pritchard
 I don't suppose your thumbs actually resting on the scales
 Just looks like it. Look I'll throw into extra winners if you'll get down off my counter sure
 See, thanks very much. You want me to leave the winners in this here box?
 Yes, please and would you put some heavy brown paper on it and lots of string all right?
 I don't want anything to go wrong
 You got everything straight Homer
 If that's what you mean did they check it from top to bottom they put air in the tires
 What else can you do with a bike? It's gonna be in perfect running order Homer. I told you that I've got a big
 Responsibility listen Henry who asked you to be responsible anyway
 What do you mean by that just because the kids gave you the money for the winners?
 That doesn't mean you had to talk everybody into pedaling way out into the country.
 What's wrong with that?
 She whiz its work.
 But think of the appetite it'll give you.
 Henry, I don't need anything to give me an appetite.
 Why can't we have the leaner roast in your backyard the way you said in the first place?
 Homer, when I invited the kids to my backyard, how was I to know my father had just planted grass seed
 and was going to be unreasonable about it?
 What's the matter with your friend, Lord?
 Homer, listen.
 Why sit on an uncomfortable lawn when you can sit in solid comfort on McCorkle's rocks?
 Here Henry, here's your weeners, that'll be $3.
 Sure, I've got it right here.
 Right?
 Henry, what's the matter?
 Oh boy.
 Why are you turning all your pockets inside out?
 Oh boy, Homer, Homer, have you got any money?
 What do you mean if I got any money? Where's our $3?
 I had it, I had it, I had it in this pocket here.
 That one with the hole in it?
 all folded up. Oh boy. Mr. Prichard, what are you doing?
 Why are you blind Henry? He's unwrapping the wieners.
 No, wait a minute, Mr. Prichard. Wait a minute. Homer, I want you to go all the way back to
 my house on your hands and knees. Now listen Henry. Hey, hey, wait a minute.
 Why are you taking your shoe off? Look. Here's the three dollars in my sock.
 Why? And it's still all folded up. Well, I'll be done.
 Mr. Prichard, would you mind wrapping those weiners up again?
 Alright.
 Boy, Homer isn't this my lucky day.
 I'll say.
 Let's get going. Where'd you put my bike?
 Uh, right out there at the curb. Behind that truck.
 You mean the one that's...
 Whom are the trucks backing up?
 Hey!
 Well, Gee, where's my bike?
 Hey, Mr. Look out!
 Hey, cut it out!
 *Singing* Hello? Hello? Is that you, Charlie? Sure, who's this? It's Henry! Hi, you Charlie, old kid, how's a kid? One kid. Look, Charlie, you know what I've been doing? I've been thinking. You have, Henry again? What do you mean by a statement like that?
 Why you did some thinking yesterday, Henry and all I did was get confused.
 What's confusing about it, Charlie?
 Instead of sitting around and being bored in my backyard, we're having a
 swell wiener roast in the open air at Macorkle's Rocks.
 What's so confusing about that?
 Nothing, I guess.
 Except you keep changing your mind all the time.
 No, I don't.
 Okay. We're all going out to Macorkle's Rocks on our bikes. That's fine.
 Well, look, Charlie, and that's what I've been thinking about.
 We're just letting ourselves in for a lot of trouble going on bikes.
 We are, why?
 Well, for one thing, they're tearing up a piece of the road out there.
 And boy, there are ruts all over the place.
 Yeah.
 Sure, and detours.
 And, um, and, uh, it's a regular booby trap, Charlie.
 She wish.
 So look, why don't we get all the kids to get their father's cars and drive out there
 in solid comfort.
 You all those ruts?
 Charlie look you go through a run on a bike and you're up a tree
 But you go through a rut in the car and where are you?
 Where she was in a rut?
 That's a beautiful part Charlie you stay there. That's true. So do you think you can swing it from bikes to cars?
 Okay, you do that
 It's practically in the bag so long
 Father
 Father, are you upstairs?
 I'm in my room, Henry.
 You are?
 Can I help you with anything?
 As a matter of fact, I'm fighting for something.
 Oh, I'll help you hunt, Father.
 I'll start on this door here.
 What are we looking for?
 Never mind, Henry.
 What is it you want?
 Well, now that you mention it, Father, we've always been pretty good pals, haven't we?
 I think so, son.
 Sure.
 That's what I'm always telling the kids.
 Boy, I say, is my father a reasonable sort of guy.
 He has his full chore, but don't we all?
 The main thing is, he's generous.
 Who is?
 You are, Father.
 And boy, I think of a person as generous
 than the rest can just go out the window.
 Would you like a wiener, Father?
 You throwing them out the window?
 No, no, Gee, was I'm just not letting them out of my sight.
 Father, I'll get right to the point.
 I'm glad to hear it.
 I'll ask you straight from the shoulder.
 You know your car?
 Pretty well. I've been on intimate terms with it for 10 years.
 Well sure, that's my point.
 What is?
 Father, you remember the other night you said you didn't feel you should get a new car until this one was worn out?
 Yes, I believe I said that.
 Well, don't you agree that the only way to wear it out is to use it?
 I do use it.
 Sure, Father, but I don't.
 Henry, I don't want it worn out that quickly.
 Father father if you just lend it to me tonight, I give you my word. You'll never know it had been in a rush
 What's that I mean? Well, it's a matter of life and death father and all the other kids are getting cars
 I think and if you want to borrow my car this evening, why don't you come right out and ask for it?
 You mean I can have it?
 If you can show me a good reason why you need it. Oh, I can father. I can dig up as many reasons as you want
 Yes, mother
 Oh boy, that'll be Charlie. I'll be right back father with my reasons.
 Head rest slow down.
 My goodness Sam, what's the matter with head mate?
 Well that's pretty involved subject Alice. Right now I'm trying to find my maroon tie.
 What maroon tie Sam? My favorite Alice, the one I wear all the time. I've been hunting high and low for it all week.
 Now there you don't want that tie. It was one practic but a shred.
 Alice, why do you say that?
 And dear let's talk about it some other time. I have to go down and start dinner.
 Alice, what happened to my maroon tire?
 Very well, Sam.
 To be perfectly frank, Henry borrowed it.
 What?
 Now, there before you lose your temper, try to think of all the nice things he does.
 Henry!
 Sam, there's no use asking him for it.
 Why not?
 Well, as I said, it was pretty well worn, and...
 Well, you see, Henry was patting this horse.
 What?
 And you know those little white squares on the tire?
 you have to admit they do look like lumps of sugar.
 Alice, do you mean some strange horse ate my tie?
 Oh no, Sam.
 No.
 It was Gus's horse, Sheila.
 You know Sheila.
 Alice, that's the third thing Henry has borrowed and not returned this week.
 Henry isn't the only one there.
 There's that book you borrowed over a year ago called History of the Roman Empire.
 Alice, that's different.
 I don't remember who I borrowed it from.
 Have you made much of an effort to find out?
 Alice, I never heard of anyone called Aunt Tilly.
 And that's the only name in the book.
 Henry, where are you?
 And how do you try not to get angry?
 I'm just going to teach Henry a lesson.
 You have Charlie, you have your father old soda, well so am I.
 Henry, please put down that receiver.
 Sure, Father. So long, Charlie.
 And keep working on the rest of the kids.
 Henry, about my car.
 Sure, Father. Here are my reasons.
 You can forget the whole thing.
 Forget it.
 Father, you mean? You mean I can't have?
 I do.
 But you haven't heard my reason.
 Just sit down, son. I'll tell you a few of my reasons.
 [Music]
 Hello.
 Hi, all-time-er. Our trip.
 Is that you, him?
 Sure.
 I was just gonna phone you.
 My father finally fought over his car.
 We're all set.
 We are?
 Well, look, I've been thinking, and did I come up with a swell idea?
 Yeah.
 Sure, it's so good I don't know why I didn't think of it before.
 Look, why don't we all chip in and take a couple of taxis out to McCorkle's rocks?
 A taxi?
 You are in right out in solid comfort.
 Well, Henry, you take a taxi and I'll go in my father's car.
 But wouldn't it be more fun if we all went together and, and besides, if we all chip in, it'll be cheaper?
 What do you mean cheaper? It wouldn't cost me a cent to go in my car.
 I think of the repairs.
 What repair?
 Over there, road is full of ruts. By some of them are this deep.
 They are? As deep as that?
 Sure.
 You'd stand a very good chance of wrecking your car out there, but a taxi's different. They're made to be wrecked.
 How much would a taxi call?
 I got it all figured out, only two dollars each.
 Henry, that's two dollars more than I've got.
 All you gotta do is work on your father. You've got a golden tongue Homer.
 A what? A golden tongue, a golden tongue.
 I have. And I'll phone the other kids and get the wheels rolling.
 But father Henry Alders can get two dollars.
 Now wait Charlie.
 Mother says it's alright with her and it's alright with Mr. Alders.
 So why isn't it alright with you?
 What do you want the two dollars for? I told you you could have my car, didn't I?
 Yeah, but suddenly we've all decided to go out to Macquarkle's Rocks by Taxi.
 By Taxi? Why?
 Because of the ruts and it's bad enough with a bicycle and with a car, gee!
 Only a taxi doesn't cost as much the fix like a car is when it's wrecked.
 What's that?
 I think that's my reason. I'm all confused.
 Now just a minute, who's running this weeder rose?
 Henry Aldrich.
 Very well, before my headache gets any worse.
 I'm going to phone the Aldrich's and find out what's going on.
 I still don't think you'll understand it any more than I do.
 Hammer, please.
 Airm, 303.
 No, 303.
 Charlie, run along.
 Can I listen, Father? I'd like to find out what's happening.
 I'll tell you what's happening. Now, run along.
 Yes, Father.
 Hello.
 Uh, hello, Mr. Aldrich. This is Mr. Carr.
 Oh, hi, your water.
 Sam, I'd just like to know if you're loaning Henry your car this evening,
 or if you're giving him money or what?
 Well, I'm certainly not lending you my car. I'm being very firm about that.
 Boy, his age isn't capable of taking care of other people's belongings.
 I see.
 Recently, Henry developed a bad habit of borrowing things and not returning them, so I decided to clamp down.
 Good for you, Sam.
 Borrowing things as one of the worst thoughts a boy can have.
 Exactly.
 Some people never get over it, even when they grow up.
 I agree with you 100%.
 For example, Sam, somebody, I can't remember who it was, borrowed a favorite book of mine over a year ago.
 History of the Roman Empire, it was.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Yes, sir.
 And I've never seen the book again.
 Mr. Clark, that's, that's rather a coincidence.
 If you ask me, Sam, it's a perfect example of bad upbringing.
 I'm sure you'll book what you are one of these days with the car,
 and now excuse me, I think I hear my wife calling you goodbye.
 Goodbye, Sam.
 Hello, sir.
 Did I hear you talking about that history of the Roman Empire?
 You did?
 Well, I certainly wish you'd hurry and find it.
 And till he keeps saying you borrowed it from her and never attended...
 Now, Marion, it will show up one of these days.
 Where is Charlie?
 Here I am, Father. Can I have the two dollars?
 You may not.
 You mean I have to go in your car?
 And you can't have the car either.
 Boy your age isn't capable of taking care of other people's belongings.
 But I don't want any argument, Charlie.
 From now on I'm clamping down around here.
 But how am I gonna get to the winner, Rose tonight?
 That's for Henry Aldrich to figure out.
 [Music]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Albers.
 Henry has undertaken the management of a wiener roast at McCorkle's Rocks.
 And when a truck ran over his bicycle, he swung the boys around to going in cars.
 Now Henry can't get a car.
 And his attempts to raise money for taxis seem to have backfired.
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room.
 It is six o'clock the same night.
 Homer, what do you mean by that?
 Lock the doors, Henry, lock the doors.
 Why, Gee, what?
 The kids are all on their way over here to your house, and boy, are they men.
 What are they coming over here for?
 They're all going to punch you in the nose and take their wingers over to Willie's backyard
 and eat them.
 I thought everybody was getting money for taxis.
 Well they were.
 Only everybody got confused and our father started phoning each other and now they've
 all decided to clamp down.
 But why?
 Well as near as I can figure out, it's because your father says boys our age shouldn't borrow
 anything.
 Oh boy.
 Well, frankly, Homer, I'm kind of tired.
 I don't mind a bit having a whole thing over at Willy's.
 Trouble is him.
 What?
 You're not invited.
 What?
 I'm not invited!
 After all I've done?
 That's why you're not invited.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Look for me.
 See, that's the thanks you get.
 Well, wait a minute.
 Homer, listen, I just got an idea.
 Can we take my advice and forget it?
 Look, when the kids get here, you stall them, see.
 Don't let them get near the weiners.
 And in exactly half an hour they're going to get the biggest surprise of their life!
 [Music]
 Gus, is there any way we could hurry with this?
 No, you can't hurry, a sensitive horse like Sheila Henry.
 Not when it comes to hitching her to a hay wagon.
 I know Gus, but at 6'15" go on Sheila back out!
 Henry, it won't get you anyplace pushing her.
 You have to talk to her.
 Yeah?
 Sheila, listen, I'm talking to you.
 It's 6'15, and the kids won't wait much longer.
 Beck, we go, Sheila, baby.
 Beck, up to the nice wagon.
 I sure appreciate you're doing this for me, Gus.
 Boy, wait till the kids here that are having a hayride out
 to McCorkle's rocks.
 But I'm not the one doing your favor, Henry.
 Sheila.
 It is?
 Yeah.
 You don't know what this is costing her.
 She's allergic to hay, you know.
 Is that right?
 Yeah.
 Well, baby, she's got hay fever.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There it is, Sheila.
 Now let's put your honeycomb.
 Well, could I be taking care of this?
 Yeah.
 That's the bit, Henry.
 It goes in her mouth.
 Oh, yeah, sure.
 Here, Sheila.
 Open your mouth.
 You'll have to drive a real carpool in me.
 She's a regular bundling her overnight.
 She is?
 Well, if she seems unhappy,
 She brought something along to give her something she loves.
 What is it?
 The other half of my father's maroon tie.
 [Music]
 Sam, I wish you wouldn't bolt your supper like that.
 I'm not bolting, I'm just in a hurry.
 Did you wrap up the book?
 Yes, dear, and I patted it with brown paper.
 It's on the hall table.
 I still wish you'd face Mr. Clark like a man instead of sneaking over there.
 Not as long as he gets his book back. He doesn't care how it gets there.
 I still don't approve of you just tossing the Roman Empire up on his front porch.
 What's that?
 Don't worry folks, it's only me.
 Homer, what are you doing at that window?
 I'm not coming in, Mr. All. Which I'm just scouting.
 Where's Henley? Have you heard from him?
 No, Homer, but he said he'd be back here by 630.
 Homer, all the boys still on the front porch?
 Yes sir. Why don't you have them wait inside? In a hole with Henry spots of
 lieners right there on the table. Hey, Homer, where are you? No. What do you mean? Sam isn't it grand? What is? The way Henry has managed this entire affair with all the boys leaning on him. Why with his capabilities he might, he might even. Yeah. Sam, I wouldn't say this.
 for anybody else but
 just think
 president all
 that's going just a little far
 i don't know if you got the proper guidance and help
 for instance and i do think you should have let him have your car tonight
 nonsense at least if i'd let Henry my car he wouldn't have had the satisfaction
 of working this thing out for himself i know when you have to hear he said he
 had a solution to the whole transportation problem that's true when he
 works it out the boys will respect him for it and so will i
 Why suppose so?
 That's just that I understand boys better than you do.
 Now where's that history of the Roman Empire?
 I'd better get over to the Clark's.
 What's all that racket?
 Let's open the door and see.
 We want to know.
 Now listen, you can at least take your hats off.
 Who cares about Henry?
 Where's Henry?
 Wait, am I good to speak to him?
 You speak to him, Alice.
 Where's my book?
 Oh, there.
 Send us not your book.
 That's Henry's box of weiners.
 Oh, then this is the book.
 This woman goes like a wiener.
 Hey, now look boys, let's pour this.
 Let's pour this back.
 Don't tell them they'll link to them.
 Then come back here, you understand boys?
 Hey, here.
 Boys, boys, listen to me.
 Hello?
 Is that you mother?
 Henry, what all of this happened to you?
 Oh, the boy, everything.
 Oh, the boys are right here in the living room waiting for you.
 They are?
 Oh, gee whiz.
 I explained to them that you were working out a way to get them all out to Macaulco's rocks.
 And dear, they were so excited they forgave you for everything.
 Mother, that's the whole trouble.
 They were going to have a hayride.
 Only now they're not.
 Why not?
 Well, I was driving Sheila down Walnut Street
 And she was as peaceful as can be when...
 Bang!
 Well, what happened?
 All of a sudden a fellow with his coat collar turned up and is hacked down over his eyes
 dashed right in front of Sheila and threw something.
 Yeah?
 And the first thing I knew there was hay all over the place.
 I was in the gutter and Sheila was headed for home.
 Oh my goodness.
 And look, mother, would you mind packing a suitcase and sending it over to Anne Harriet's?
 Goodnight!
 Why all those issues?
 I'm just going to stay here a couple of weeks till the air clears.
 No, there you can't do that.
 Ah!
 Henry, your father just came in. I'll talk to him and call you back.
 Okay.
 Sam, what on earth is that all over your coat?
 Hey.
 Hey.
 Hey, Alice.
 I just thrown the book up on the Clark's front porch when out of a clear sky I was nearly killed by a horse.
 You mean it was you?
 What?
 Sam, old rich, do you realize what you've done?
 What I've done when you ran in front of that hay wagon you upset Henry's whole apple card
 Alice would you please explain what you were talking about?
 Just this time if you don't do something to help Henry. We'll never be able to face his friends again
 Alice, I'm exhausted.
 Here you are, dear. I brought your slippers down for you.
 Thank you.
 But I'm too tired to lean over and put some on.
 Now, Sam, it wasn't really as bad as that.
 Alice, that's a long drive out the Macworkel's rocks.
 Well, I do think you could have taken the boys out there without making two trips.
 There is a law, Alice, that says you can't take 14 boys in one car.
 They aren't very big boys.
 Now, Alice.
 Well, the main thing is that Henry and his weiners and his friends are all out at Macaukel's rocks.
 I'm sorry you're tired there, but I'm glad that Henry's happy.
 Seems to me that it should have been a simple thing for Henry to arrange a wiener roast without running into all that trouble.
 He did his best, Sam. He may have made a few little mistakes.
 That's just it. He should learn not to make mistakes.
 By one little mistake, and all to the whole course of the world.
 Yes, dear. Oh, did I tell you, Mrs. Clark, phone while you were out?
 Mrs. Clark, she didn't see me today.
 Oh no, they wanted us to come over and play bridge this evening.
 What's that? After all I've been through?
 I knew you'd be tired, dear, so I said no.
 Good.
 I invited him over here instead.
 Over here? Alice, why did you do that?
 The last thing in the world I feel like doing is playing bridge with the Clark.
 Oh, you'd better answer the phone, Sam. I'll have to start on the refrain.
 But Alice, that's a fine thing.
 Hello?
 Hello there, Miss Dornridge. This is one o'clock.
 Well...
 Hello Walter, I hear we're playing bridge tonight.
 Yes!
 Well, I'm delighted.
 Well, look Sam, would you mind if we brought along the refresh?
 Oh, now that won't be necessary.
 We'd really like to. You see earlier this evening, some stranger
 tossed a package up on our front verandex.
 What's that?
 And when we opened it, it turned out to be a box of winners.
 Winners? You mean...
 Oh no!
 [Music]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half-hour with your favorite youngster, his family and his pals.
 The Eldritch Family starring Ezra Stone is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 (Music)
 (applause)
 (applause)
 (water splashing)
 (phone ringing)
