 Henry, Henry, all of it.
 Come in, mother, the old rich family.
 [applause]
 Laurie and Ezra Tholg with Jackie Count,
 Half of them up,
 Ollie Davidson,
 Mary Walt, and Norman Folta.
 [applause]
 We all know that the authors made up of four walls
 and a roof, but add a family and you have a hook. Add a teenage boy like Henry
 Albridge and you have Bevelow, the scene opens and the Albridge living room. Mary, Mary, did you find your shoe?
 Yes, Mother. I'm already, except for my makeup. Dear, I want you to help me look for my long hat pin.
 This hat just won't stay on without it. Henry? Yes, Mother. Have you seen my long hat pin? Your long hat, Mother?
 No, the one that looks like a barber pole Henry. He doesn't want the hat. She wants the pin
 I have a safety pin inside me mother. What the only thing is it's holding my trousers up and
 Mother don't you think a dollar is too much too much so far?
 Well, when they look at you we're all ready to leave and you haven't even combed your hair. I combed it
 I give you my word. I combed it. It's really Marshall mother
 He's trying to get a dollar out of me for my own radio that was fine until he fixed it
 Only he didn't fix it, see, and now all the lights in the house keep going out. Don't you agree, mother?
 Yes, dear.
 Mary, help me look behind the sofa cushion for my hat, Penny.
 Yes, mother. Only do you really have to have it.
 Now, Mary, I just won't feel safe without it.
 And I certainly can't go out to a place like this with my hat on my mind.
 Mother, how much do you think father would charge me to sue Willie Marshall?
 Henry!
 Lily, I've warned you for the last time!
 I'm giving you one last hand, so you pay me that dollar or aren't.
 Now listen, Lily, where do you think you're going with that radio?
 I'm freezing it.
 Lily, that radio belongs to Henry!
 I'm not my radio repair business for my health, Mary.
 Henry owes me a dollar and I can't afford to have friendship in the fear.
 I'm a business man.
 You're a crook.
 No.
 Now, Henry, I'm sure you're mistaken.
 Mother, do you realize that now, every time I turn on my radio or anything,
 my radio all the lights in my room go out they do not they do so and unless you
 tune in on a mystery program what good is that wait a minute what is that sticking
 up on top of the radio that's my area that's my hat pin well my goodness mother
 I'm gonna go put on my thing she was mother are you taking it out yes I am
 do realize we have to leave here in ten minutes and I almost had to go without a
 Hey Henry!
 Homer, where's your bin?
 I told you not to wet Willie near my radio.
 Okay Henry, I signed your baseball back.
 Now we can stick up so you're right.
 Oh yeah?
 Now listen, Willie, you see this baseball back?
 Yeah, and you see this radio?
 No, it was wait.
 Now just a minute.
 Homer and Willie, I'm sorry, but Henry is going out with us in just a few minutes.
 I know Mrs. Holdre.
 I'm coming too.
 What's that?
 Henry, didn't you say your mother invited me?
 I said she would, Homer, after I'd worked on her for a while.
 Oh, I'm coming, Sam.
 And, Henry, after I see what your father wants, I'd like to speak to you.
 But, Mother, Homer won't be any trouble.
 I mean, I can go with you.
 Sam, where are you?
 I'm in the kitchen, shining my shoes.
 Oh, my goodness.
 The times when I wish Henry was five years younger, so I could turn him over my knees.
 I can see your point, Alice.
 But do you think it would be worth going through the last five years again?
 Well, no, but do you know what he's done?
 He's invited Homer to come with us.
 Yes.
 Isn't that Homer doesn't have his good point, dear, but I'm always afraid somebody's going to think he's ours.
 Why isn't Homer going with his own parents?
 Well, didn't you know Sam? They aren't going.
 But, sir.
 Well, Elizabeth is...
 Well, I don't suppose he's afraid exactly, but just the word "cancer" makes her nervous.
 Well, she thought she had it, I suppose she'd do something.
 But she thinks it's silly to make the whole family down to Dr. Bennington for an examination
 and just get some frighten.
 And just how do the lidsable think people are going to know if they don't have an examination?
 Well, she keeps saying she's never had a sick day in her life and she feels perfectly fine.
 Look, Calit, get her on the phone and explain to her that we all feel sure we haven't got cancer.
 But the reason we're going to Dr. Bennington for an examination is that she's not going to be able to get her.
 an examination is purely for reassurance well alright and also not
 i will pick it up in ten minutes
 one of the following
 i don't think so
 father did you leave a dollar bill on the dining room table yes henry it for
 the paperboard well
 did you know willy march it was standing right over it
 looking at it what's that
 or will it
 what are you and what are we going to do
 do you think he means a jury means at home or if will he says he's going to
 stick right with me until I pay him a dollar boy who will be going to bed with me tonight.
 And if he comes down in the doctors with us, think her embarrassing is going to be for
 your parents. Somebody may think he belongs to them.
 Oh, wait a minute. You see that broom closet right behind you?
 Yeah. Henry, are you thinking the same thing I'm thinking?
 I think so. Because if you are, I think Lily would just fit in there perfectly.
 Oh, willy! Oh, willy!
 Yeah? Well, Henry, are you ready to fix things up?
 Sure, Willy. You're gonna get fixed up.
 Well, that's well. I hate to do this to you, and I'm gonna...
 I'm a few like this, you gotta close it when you get the chance.
 You hear that, Homer? Good luck!
 Henry, wait! If you wanna get some money, Henry, you'll find it on your dining room table.
 Mother!
 Where in the front hole, Henry?
 What up? Is everybody ready?
 I am, Thomas!
 Oh, my.
 Hurry then because we have to pick up Elizabeth Brown.
 Well, if everybody ready or we leave them now, will we?
 Are you coming?
 Sure, did not I make myself queer, Henry?
 Well, did you see, where's Homer?
 Um, Homer decided he wouldn't be going any place for a while.
 Thanks, Harney.
 Well, then what are we waiting for?
 Let's go!
 [Music]
 Henry please come on it isn't going to do any good to just sit here in the
 waiting room come on Henry father's right
 you better come home with us but don't you own their stance I have to find out
 what's the matter with Willie there's probably nothing wrong with him dear
 but mother didn't you hear the nurse she said dr. Bennington sent my power
 willy over to a specialist gee now Henry I don't think for one minute that
 Willie has cancer, but if he has it's a good thing they found out about it.
 Father, can I just wait here until I hear something?
 But Henry, we should be getting home.
 Boy, here we are.
 Dr. Bennington says we're all fine and we can go home and there's Willie someplace.
 Where is he?
 Where is he?
 Homer!
 Where is Willie?
 I just broke out of that broom closet and boy!
 Homer, is that my broom you're waving around?
 Yes, Mrs. Ulrich, and little I find that willy.
 Homer, you know what's happened to our pal?
 Who? Willy.
 Boy, son pal.
 Come on, where is he?
 He isn't here, Homer.
 Dr. Bennington examined him and he sent him to another doctor.
 A specialist.
 You mean, he said?
 Our pal, Willy?
 Hey boy, I'm going to sit right here until I find out how he is.
 Mrs. Olrich, would you like to carry your broom home and remove over her?
 Alice! Yes, Sam! Where are you?
 In the living room, and Alice, I'd like you to take a look at something.
 Of course. What is it?
 That corner over there. Do you see anything in it?
 No, dear, nothing.
 Neither do I.
 Isn't that where we usually keep our radio?
 My goodness, it's gone!
 Mary, have you seen our radio?
 Did you say the kitchen radio was in here, Father?
 No, I didn't.
 Oh, it isn't in the kitchen.
 You mean it's gone too?
 San Sonopolis, they've been sued!
 Easy, Homer, just back up a few more steps.
 No, push me off the sidewalk.
 Boy, is this radio heavy.
 Okay Homer, lower it into the wagon.
 Easy now.
 Can it, can I let go?
 Yes, there.
 Okay, Homer, you wouldn't like to go back in your house would you and look around some
 more Henry?
 For the millions turn, this living room radio is the only one we've got.
 Unless Homer, does your father have a radio in his car?
 Oh no, I'm not gonna let Willie touch that one.
 Even if he is our best pal.
 Well, anyway, will these two from my house, we've got three for him to repair.
 Sure. That should make him happy.
 And we will tell him they don't really need repairing.
 Oh, of course not.
 Well, he won't know the difference.
 Come on, let's get these over to his house.
 Sure.
 We'll pull a wagon.
 Oh, but suppose you pull it over and I'll pull it back.
 Well, that's a good idea.
 Are you sure Dr. Bennington said they sent Willy home?
 Yeah, straight from the specialist.
 Boy, they probably sent him to bed for at least a month.
 Henry, how long you suppose it takes to cure cancer?
 I don't know.
 My father says it all depends on how early you discover it.
 My mother's got a friend, and you know what she says?
 If you drink rusty water out of a blacksmith's pail, you can cure it.
 Homer.
 Or if you get touched by a 7/7 son of a 7/4.
 Imagine anybody believing a thing like that.
 What do you think even a moron would see through a thing like that?
 Sure, I'll say. I tell us what the minute I heard it.
 And listen Homer, when we get over there, let's not bother Willie.
 Let's just give these radios to his mother.
 Sure, and tell her to tell him to go right to work and have a swell,
 to her in the sixth of loy war.
 Sure, provided she's got lots of fuses.
 Hello Officer Burns, this is Ham Orange again. I just called to see if you had any word on our radios. Oh, I see.
 Mother, you're on home. The large radio was stolen from the living room, Officer.
 Oh, do you win? And the small one from the kitchen.
 Father, Father, could I speak to you for a second?
 Would you hold on a minute, Officer? Henry, what is it?
 Father, I took those radios over to my pal Willie's house so he could fix them.
 What?
 But Henry, they didn't need to be fixed.
 I know, Father, but Willie's awfully sick and do you think two little radios are too much of a sacrifice?
 Hello, Hello, Officer. I'm sorry, George, I've troubled you. We just caught the party who took the radios.
 No, no, I don't wish to press charges.
 Oh, no, no, please don't, Father. Just let me handle him. Get my officer burned.
 Now, see you here, Henry.
 When do you like me to answer the door for obvious?
 Yes, please, and then will you come into the living room?
 Well, gee, what?
 Hi, Henry.
 What are you doing up?
 Did you gee, come on in.
 Oh, listen, Henry, you better come in and sit down.
 How are you feeling?
 I feel fine.
 Now, can you, my feet, all I want.
 You want?
 Didn't Dr. Bennington send you to a specialist?
 Sure, so, our office, I got four on our two.
 You want?
 Boy, that's some examination I give you for cancer.
 You know what else they discovered? I gotta have my tonsils out.
 Well, I'll be gone.
 That's okay. I'm gonna do a big business while I'm in the hospital.
 You know they have a radio in every room?
 Listen, Willy. Speaking of radios...
 Well, let's get down to business.
 I've got all your radios in running order, but it was a big job, so you owe me two dollars for each one.
 Willy, you're crazy. I don't know you were sent.
 Okay, then I'll seize the radio.
 Yeah? Yeah.
 Father, could you get that policeman back on the phone?
 [Music]
