 Great nuts and great nuts plates present. Henry! Henry all great. Coming mother. The All-Great Family.
 [applause]
 [music]
 Young by your minute, great nuts like Star Wars by your minute,
 Sugar roasted, new and better there,
 Richard now in sweet monster,
 Sugar roasted, good by your minute,
 Great nuts, great young young by your minute,
 The Aldrich family based on characters originated by Pippert Goldsmith,
 and starring as Ruston as Henry with Jackie Calcas Homer,
 is brought to you by great nuts and great nuts, right?
 Hey, I hear they should have roasted!
 And now put the Aldrade family.
 A teenage boy may have his ups and downs, but he's never half way between.
 Henry Aldrich wins the never walks when he can run and never smiles when he can laugh.
 And when he's late for dinner, he's good and late.
 The scene opens at the Aldrich dinner table.
 Sam, can I get you another piece of pie?
 Oh, thank you. What time is it now?
 It's a little after 6.30 here.
 Oh, yes. Seems to me it was a little after 6.30 half an hour ago.
 Well, now that I look again, yes, it's getting on towards 7.
 I'm sure, Henry, you'll be home any minute, Father.
 Why don't you put him right out of your mind into just your coffee and newspaper?
 Mary, I can think of nothing more enjoyable than being able to put Henry right out of my mind.
 Look, there, for all dear, he's only a little late, and a little late, when we've already finished dinner?
 Well, I'm not trying to defend him, but we did eat quickly.
 And my goodness, Father, Henry was much later than this the night before last, and you didn't say a thing, Mary.
 He's been late for dinner three days in a row, and he's late for breakfast every day.
 It's time I put my foot down.
 Well, the only thing is, the adults think I'm criticizing,
 but couldn't you just put your foot down gently all the time
 instead of standing it down only every once in a while and scaring us all to death?
 Are you insinuating that I'm not a good father?
 I know, dear.
 My goodness, of course you're a good father, father.
 Of course you are, dear.
 But won't you let me handle Henry this once?
 You've been having Henry too long as it is.
 Sam, are you insinuating that I'm not a good mother?
 My goodness, Father, look out the window! Here he comes!
 See, he's coming up the street, pulling a wagon.
 Yes. What time is it?
 It's a little after 6.30, Sam.
 Look at him.
 Ambling as long as we had all the time in the world.
 Well, yes, but...
 As he got on that wagon.
 It looks like pop bottles.
 Now what's he stopping for?
 He's probably tying his shoe lace.
 He's picking a bottle up out of the gutter.
 [laughter]
 Look at him standing there looking at it.
 It's all right, Sandy, he's putting it back in the gutter.
 Mother, do you think I should go out and tell him to hurry?
 You say where you are, Mary.
 This is very interesting.
 Look at that.
 But you're what's wrong with stopping to pet a dog.
 Look, isn't that thoughtful of him?
 He's offering the dog a candy.
 Probably it won't take it.
 I dare say the dog knew enough to go home in time to get his dinner.
 Mother, oh, I know dear.
 Henry, come in here.
 We let him eat first father before we scold him.
 Oh, everybody, his dinner ready and boy, I'm starving.
 I'll go and eat something up.
 Alice, say here.
 Boy, what a time I've been having.
 Father, are you going to get us a prize?
 Henry, are you going to get us a prize?
 Henry, do you realize what time it is?
 Why?
 You've been eating your meals here for a good many years now and you're aware of the fact that your mother served in a promptly at six o'clock.
 You mean it isn't six o'clock yet?
 Sam, why don't you buy him a watch?
 Henry, according to your mother, it's a little after six thirty.
 It is?
 Well, gee whiz, I have to be someplace at half past seven.
 I'll have to eat dinner in a hurry.
 If you've been interested in dinner, you would have been here at six o'clock.
 Now please go to your room.
 You're not going to eat dinner in my room?
 [audience laughter]
 I mean, son, you're not going to eat dinner at all.
 You mean you weighed everything up?
 [laughter]
 Henry stop arguing and go up to your room.
 Sure Father.
 But that's perfectly alright.
 I'm not going anywhere.
 So, supposing I go and sit in my room...
 Good.
 ...until a quarter after seven.
 You will sit in your room until I tell you to come out.
 But Father, I have to be someplace and have past seven.
 When you were rummaging around the streets picking up bottles,
 it had occurred to you that you had to be someplace at six o'clock.
 Father, I was a...
 Now look, I told you to do something.
 But Father, yes Father.
 And I hope you enjoyed your dinner.
 That roast meat certainly smells good.
 Sam, hold it, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
 Ashamed? What should I be?
 As a matter of fact, Alice, I believe I will have that piece of pie now.
 Yes?
 Well, you'll find it in the kitchen.
 [Music]
 All right, mother. The coast is clear. Good. You go on downstairs, Mary, and be on the lookout for your father.
 As soon as I get this sandwich, end the Henry. I'll come down too. All right, mother. Henry.
 Oh, Henry? Yes, mother. Alice? Oh, dear. Alice, what on earth are you doing?
 I'll just stand in here eating a sandwich there.
 Yeah?
 Would you like a bite?
 No, thank you, Alice. I just finished my dinner.
 Mother, what did you call me for?
 I didn't call you, Henry.
 Are you eating something, Mother?
 Yes, I'm...
 A sandwich.
 Is it good?
 Yes.
 It's delicious.
 Hey Henry.
 Come along, Alice.
 This is Henry's apparently room, Homer.
 I think we finished this dinner, Mrs. Oliver.
 You know he hasn't.
 The home I don't meant to think to it.
 Why not?
 Hey Henry, are you in here?
 Yeah.
 Behind.
 Behind.
 She, does that roast beef you had for dinner smell good?
 Boy, my one chance.
 My one big chance to earn that pipe I've been wanting at the Havens drug store.
 A pipe in here?
 Yeah, and I have to stay here in my room.
 She was, do you think I'm old enough to smoke a pipe too?
 It isn't for me, it's for my father's birthday next week.
 Oh, well I guess he's old enough.
 Gee whiz, Mr. Dehaven gave me a job to do,
 and all I have to do is have it done by nine o'clock from night,
 and he'll pay me the price.
 What's the job, Henry? Is it mixing sodas?
 Maybe I could do it for you, if it's mixing sodas.
 Point Homer, would ya? You see the small pile of overdue bills?
 All you have to do is go around and collect them all by nine o'clock.
 Oh, well I don't think I'd be any good at collecting money.
 I'm not going to get any allowance at all.
 But look, Homer, I've already collected five bills, and that's not counting Mrs. Clark,
 who paid me off with a wagon load of ginger ale bottles.
 I'd like to, Henry. Only my doctor says I have to take it easy.
 Okay. That's all right, Homer.
 I'm not going to get any allowance at all.
 But look, Homer, I've already collected five bills, and that's not counting Mrs. Clark,
 who paid me off with a wagon load of ginger ale bottles.
 I'd like to, Henry. Only my doctor says I have to take it easy.
 That's alright, Homer.
 Naturally, I can't force you to help me.
 And will you please stop swinging on my bed pose?
 I will hurt myself, and we have been doing this since I was a kid,
 and I've never fallen yet.
 Ouch!
 Boy, I did that on purpose.
 Henry, stop that racket!
 Now, look what you did, Homer.
 My father thought that was me.
 He thought that...
 Homer!
 Henry, you're choking!
 Homer, my father thought you were me!
 Don't you realize what that means?
 It means he's crazy.
 And let go.
 Listen Homer, if you were to stay here in my room for an hour or so, see, and move around
 from time to time.
 Oh no, Henry, oh no.
 Homer, who'd know the difference?
 I could get out the back way and collect those bills and all you'll have to do is sit here.
 But Henry, my doctor says I should be out getting some exercise.
 (Music)
 Yes? Good evening Mr. Collins.
 Oh, is that Henry Olridge? Yes sir. How are you anyway sir?
 I'm fine thank you. And Mrs. Collins?
 She's fine thank you. And the children?
 What children? Oh.
 (Laughter)
 Well, speaking of children Mr. Collins,
 You watch some ice cream and saw from Mr. Dehaven last October. I don't remember that about two dollars worth
 Well, there'll be more exact exactly two dollars worth. Here's the bill. Mr. Collins. Yes, it must have slipped your mind
 The only thing is Henry. I'm a little short tonight, but look do you know mr. Dixon over 23 maple stream?
 I don't think so he owes me 250 so you going over there and collect from him and say I sent you 250
 And you just give me 50 cents.
 Oh, Zee was the only thing is I have it much time.
 I sort of have a friend sitting in for me at home.
 I mean, are you sure I'll be able to collect for Mr. Dixon?
 Sure thing.
 Well, here's your 50 cents, but, Vee, I sure--
 And Henry, when you get back to the drugstore,
 would you tell the Haven to send me up a carton of cigarettes?
 Sure.
 Would you like to pay me for them now?
 No, no.
 Just tell him the charge it.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (music)
 But look, are you sure Mr. Dixon isn't home at all?
 No, and I tried standing here in the doorway and talking, man.
 I had to go to his high school girl.
 But look, it's only $2.50.
 Well, come on in the house for a minute.
 When I look in my purse, yes, here you are.
 Gee, thanks.
 Young man, do you know any high school girls?
 Oh, my goodness. What's the matter with you?
 What's that?
 Of course!
 You do!
 I just have to go out for an hour and the baby just never wakes up once she gets to sleep.
 The baby?
 Yes, yes.
 And if she does, you can find a bottle of my...
 Hey wait, I have too many bottles now!
 Now, okay, here's my clothes.
 Mrs. Dixon, I can't stay with your baby.
 I have to get back to Homer.
 I won't be long.
 Her name's Diane.
 Diane, but what about Homer?
 [ Music ]
 >> Henry.
 >> Oh boy.
 >> Henry.
 >> Where will I hide?
 Where will I hide?
 >> There I come in.
 >> Now Henry, I didn't say you had to go to fast.
 You might as well get up.
 I know you're not asleep and those covers over your head.
 You know, son, the family seems to think I've been pretty hard on you, sending you up here
 without your dinner, but I did it for your own good.
 You realize that, don't you?
 Henry?
 Henry answered me.
 Come along, welcome home.
 Now there's no need to cry, Henry.
 [laughter]
 Look, son, I don't like to have to punish you.
 being late for meals might be only a stage you're going through but sometimes
 you just don't seem to be our son at all. I don't like to criticize your friends
 Henry but I sometimes wonder if you're not seeing too much of home around.
 What? Henry you sound as though you're suffocated.
 Well we won't talk about it anymore. Here son I brought you a piece of pie.
 I see here Henry don't just stick your hand out from under the covers come on
 out and get it. Oh boy. Now look that's enough fooling around come on Henry let's
 go all those covers. What's got into you there. Hello Mr. Aldrich what are you
 doing here?
 Hello? Hello? Is that Mr. Foster? Well my name is Henry Eldridge and did you know you
 well Mr. Dehaven $7.36 from last July? You'll pay it?
 Well, there's only one other thing. Would you consider coming over here to 23 Maple
 Street with her? I have to stay here with a baby, seeing. But Mr. Foster, all the other
 What are your customers doing in it?
 Well, some of them are.
 Well, one of them is Mr. Foster.
 Mr. Boy, that's a fine thing.
 Good evening.
 Good evening.
 Are you the boys and the Havens?
 Yes, sir.
 You must be Mr. Wright.
 That's right.
 Boy, come on in.
 I sure appreciate your coming over here.
 Now, how much did you say my bill was?
 67 cents.
 Very well.
 Here you are.
 Okay, oh, gee, I can't change ten dollars.
 Would you mind just giving me the sixty cents and cents?
 I'm sorry, young man, but this is the smallest I have.
 Well, look, why don't I do this?
 Why don't I run down to a store and get it changed?
 Well...
 And you can stay with the baby.
 What baby?
 I am.
 You won't have a bit of trouble.
 She just never wakes up once she gets to sleep.
 And if she does, you'll find the bottle in the eye.
 [Music]
 Dear me, Mr. East, what a predicament!
 Oh, come now, Mr. Wright, taking care of us, leaving, baby!
 Well, there's nothing doing!
 If the baby wakes up and starts crying, would you know what to do?
 Would I? Now, just you'll listen to this!
 [Music]
 Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.
 Buy your money.
 Break yum, make start good by jingling.
 Sugar roasted, new and better there.
 Let you know and fruit my sugar.
 Sugar roasted, good by jingling.
 Break yum, make yum, yum, yum, yum.
 Yup, even a baby will start smiling when it hears that happy tune, and it's nothing like
 the smiles you'll see when sugar roasted, great nuts flakes are served.
 That wonderful, sugar-roasted flavor just hits the right spot.
 Remember this one delicious flavor comes in two delicious forms.
 Great nuts, crisp, crunchy kernels, and great nuts flakes,
 tempting toasty brown flakes.
 That's great nuts and great nuts flakes.
 They're sugar roasted.
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 When Henry arrived home late for dinner,
 Mr. Aldrich felt he should be punished, but the reason for Henry's lateness was that he was trying to earn a pipe for his father's birthday present.
 The scene opens under a streetlight on Sanderville's Main Street.
 Oh boy.
 Hey, Mr.! Mr.! Could you give me a hand here?
 Henry!
 Oh boy.
 Father, is that you?
 How long did you think you could fight over and off on me?
 Good father.
 What on earth are you doing lying on your face on the sidewalk?
 on the sidewalk.
 Well, and I have to get my face right down on this grading to see where my $10 is.
 What $10?
 The one down in this hole, father under the grading, it blew out of my hand.
 Do you realize that you disobeyed me?
 Do you realize I have been combing this town for you?
 It's your father, but I can explain everything.
 Get up.
 Yes, sir.
 You see, there was this thing I wanted.
 Only I can't tell you what it is.
 And I just had to collect some bills.
 Only I got held up with this baby, see.
 A baby owed you a bill?
 No father, it was her father.
 Well, he didn't know it to me.
 He owed it to another man.
 I gave him 50 cents because it was a bill from last our told me are you trying to tell me that you owed somebody 50 cents since last October
 After all the times I told you never to borrow money. No, father. I just borrowed the baby and then it fell down this grading
 What the not the baby the ten dollars? Oh boy my father just let me explain one thing to me
 Let me explain one thing to you. You're a smart right straight home and go up to your room and stay there
 Do you understand my father that ten dollars belongs to a man over at 23 maple store?
 Now get the ten dollars out of here, all I have to do is reach in for it.
 Now go on home.
 Yes Father, I'm going.
 Don't stop the talk to anybody and don't come back.
 Yes Father.
 Now then.
 If I could just get my arm.
 My arm.
 My.
 Henry.
 Henry, my arm is caught in the grading.
 Henry, come back.
 [Music]
 Mother, you mean you really do?
 Of course Henry, I follow you perfectly.
 Well, Jean was, how is it I can always make you understand?
 Father always gets me mixed up.
 It's very clear to me, dear.
 You've had a date since last October to mind Mr. Dixon's baby.
 What?
 And he said he'd give you his best pike that he found down underneath a grating.
 Underneath the grating, if you'd collect $10,
 Mr. DeHaven Oden, put some bottles.
 - No, Mother.
 I guess you didn't understand.
 - Now, Henry, didn't you say you want to get a pipe
 as a presses for your father?
 - Yeah, sure.
 Gee, if I made that clear, that's all that matters.
 - For father's day.
 - No, for father's birthday.
 - Oh.
 I'm in the living room, Homer, with my mother.
 - You have a little old employee,
 your father caught me in your room,
 and boy, it's a good thing I found you before he did.
 You're too late.
 No, I'm not.
 And I've got it all figured out.
 You can hide in my basement for the next few days.
 Now, what am I?
 He isn't going to do any such thing.
 If Father said he was to go straight to his roof,
 but Mother, I just have to collect six more of these bills before 9 o'clock.
 Wouldn't you consider letting me go out for only half an hour?
 No, dear.
 Your father's going around saying that I spoil you.
 Look, Mother.
 Do you suppose there's a way that I could collect the money and still not leave my room at all?
 [Music]
 Wait a minute. Now Mr. Olridge for the last time. If you don't stay down on your knees there's nothing I can do for you.
 How long do you think I can hold this position? My back's nearly broken.
 Well, you're going to get your arm broken if you don't hold it.
 Well, then kindly hurry up. You realize I had to walk six blocks with this grate on my arm?
 Yes, Mr. Allrich.
 But I can say I like your attitude.
 Do you realize I closed this hardware store two hours ago
 and I came from clear across town to help you?
 Yes, of course I didn't mean that.
 And I'm doing the very best I can.
 I realize that, Mr. Jackson, and I appreciate it very much.
 All right.
 Now, see if you can hold still.
 Very well, Mr. Allrich.
 If that's your attitude, you can go straight to the right sniff.
 [Music]
 Hello Mrs. Walker, this is Alice Olgrich.
 I just thought I'd phone and give you that chocolate cake recipe you've been wanting.
 Well, yes, it's always been a family secret, but I just decided there's no point in being selfish about it.
 Oh, and by the way, Mrs. Walker, did you know that you owe the Haven's drug store $9.13?
 Yes, of course you'd forgotten about it, dear.
 Supposing I sent Homer Brown over to pick it up.
 And then he'll be glad to give you the recipe.
 [music]
 Hello.
 Hello, are you still there, Doris?
 Well, I know I'm not home.
 I'm sitting here in some stranger's house mining a baby.
 [laughter]
 No, dear, a baby.
 I know, dear, but listen.
 I gave a young boy ten dollars and he was going to change it.
 No dear, change the ten dollars.
 Oh, but dear, you don't understand.
 Dear, goodbye, dear.
 Excuse me, is your name right here?
 Yes, are you the father?
 Right, yes.
 Well, I'm certainly glad you're here.
 Come on in.
 Thank you.
 Just a minute now.
 If I can manage to get my bill pulled out.
 I notice your arm is in a sling.
 Were you in an accident?
 Yes.
 Here's your ten dollars.
 Thank you.
 I'll just get my coat up.
 Wait a minute. Where did you get the ten dollars?
 Look, I'm trying to forget. Time to take the money and let's not talk about it.
 Well, that's too clean. I'll drive into the heavens and pay that bill on my way home.
 Good evening.
 Oh, here. Wait. I'm leaving too.
 Oh, no. No, you can't. You're wisest in home.
 Oh. You'll have to stay with a baby.
 Oh.
 Good evening.
 Good evening.
 That's right. Wait a minute. What baby?
 [Music]
 Henry, what time is it?
 It's... it's just a little after nine o'clock, mother.
 Henry, it must be an hour since you said it was only a little before nine o'clock.
 Jim, sure father will be home any minute.
 After all, he's only two hours late.
 Oh, let's see that pipe again, Henry.
 Here.
 Boy, isn't it a beauty?
 I'll say.
 And was Mr. D. Haven surprised when I took him all the money.
 Yeah?
 He said to tell you you were the best bill collector he ever had.
 Jean, mother, and to think that chocolate cake has been a family secret for generations.
 Henry!
 Yes, Mary?
 I have a ticket paper out here in the kitchen.
 Do you want to wrap father's pie?
 Sure, Mary. Can we do it up real fancy?
 You better step on it, Hinn.
 So your father doesn't see it.
 Oh, my, what time is it now?
 Oh, there it is.
 Oh, boy. I'm going home.
 Who's going to name Mrs. O'Lor.
 Are you in the living room, Alice?
 Sam, old Rick, where have you been?
 Alice, I can explain everything.
 Oh, my goodness, your arm. You've been in an accident.
 No, Alice, this wouldn't have happened if Mr. Jackson hadn't lost his temper.
 All I said was out. You'd say out, too, if I was twisting his arm off.
 So that's it. You've been fighting at your age.
 Listen to me, Alice. This $10 bill fell down a grading, and I got my arm caught in it trying to reach the money.
 Was Mr. Jackson trying to reach the money, too?
 No, dear. I had to lift the whole grading off with my arm still in it, and then I had to get down into the hole and get to $10.
 You mean Mr. Jackson pushed you in?
 No, no. I got in by myself.
 And Mr. Jackson wouldn't let you out?
 I was forget about Mr. Jackson.
 Well, my goodness, you didn't yell.
 Thank you, if that's the way you were, I don't blame him for hitting you.
 Alice, listen. Mr. Jackson did not hit me.
 Mr. Jackson didn't do a thing except fight my head off.
 Then why are you so late?
 Because I've been binding the baby.
 What baby?
 Well, you see, I went...
 Mr.
 Never mind, you wouldn't believe it anyway.
 Mother, have you got a longer piece of ribbon I could tie around this?
 Henry!
 This...
 Oh, she wished.
 Why aren't you in your room?
 Oh, I'm going, Father, but...
 Do you mind my asking what happened to your arm?
 Mr. Jackson did it, dear.
 Henry, wait a minute.
 What's that you're holding behind your back?
 Oh, boy.
 Well, when isn't anything, Father?
 Just...
 ...gonna just some tissue paper.
 Yes, in that case. Let me have it, please.
 Sam, Father, couldn't you just wait a day or so?
 I mean...
 Yes, sir.
 Watch in here, another pop bottle?
 No, sir, it's...
 It's...
 Well...
 Happy birthday, Father.
 Only I certainly hadn't planned it this way.
 You mean this is...
 This pipe is...
 It's your birthday present, Sam.
 It is?
 Bye-bye, Bertie.
 And Henry earned it himself, collecting bills.
 That's why he left his room, and incidentally, if I was late for dinner.
 Well...
 Well, you see Alice? It's a pipe.
 [audience laughter]
 Well, it's about the best looking one I've ever seen.
 Boy, Father, do you really like it?
 Yes, indeed, Henry.
 Well, Mike's son.
 He earned it, son.
 Yes, Alice, I know.
 [audience laughter]
 Well, Henry, so you earned it.
 Yes, sir.
 Well...
 And you know the next thing I'm going to earn, Father?
 father a watch so I won't ever be late for dinner again well done you couldn't
 help being late sometimes things happen Henry that are beyond our control but
 just the same father it's not going to happen again you see the stack of bills
 yes mr. de Haven sent them up here with Homer he said if I can do was good a
 job collecting these he'll pay me a lot well I think that's very commendable
 Henry when do you start right now father did you know you owe mr. de Haven
 twelve dollars and a quarter from before Christmas.
 [Music]
 Hey Mr. East, I knew a character who prided himself on never being laid except once.
 Well what happened that time Mr. Zipp?
 Well his character sets up for his own wedding, 240 miles upstate, but along comes a blizzard and stops the train.
 So he hires a horse and slave, but the horse gives up climbs up into the sleigh and goes down to sleigh.
 Yes, so next he gets to slam the dog team, but the dogs wear out and give up.
 So then my friend gets out, he skis, hugs free dogs under each arm,
 and mush is all the way to the church just in time to prevent the best man from eloping with his girl.
 Man, what energy! Why, he must have been eating great nuts!
 He was! He told me!
 Them sugar roasted great nuts! Any objections?
 Nary a one, Mr. Pip!
 I like a little mush in myself!
 and friends, well you may not want to plow through blizzards, it's great to have the
 energy so you plow through the day's work like lightning.
 And it is great nuts for energy, great nuts for important bodybuilding food values of
 the whole grain.
 And don't forget this one delicious flavor comes in two delicious forms, great nuts,
 crisp crunchy kernels, and great nuts flakes, empty toasty brown flakes.
 Both sugar roasted, crisply toasted, and naturally nourishing.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Did you lock all the doors, Sam?
 Yes, dear.
 [GROWLING]
 What a day.
 Well, my goodness, where did you get this?
 Why?
 It's great big handkerchief.
 Alice, that isn't the handkerchief.
 And I'll have to return it to Diane tomorrow.
 Who's Diane?
 Well, you see Alice in--
 [Music]
 The Albright family was gifted by Jack Miller and based on characters written by Clifford Goldsmith and Sergeant Edward Saul and Henry with Jackie Calcett Homer.
 Mr. Mr. Mr. Goldsmith is a house famous in the Catherine Law and Mr. Frankly saying, "The Albright family was brought to you by great nuts and great nuts plates."
 They're sugar-roasted.
 [Music]
 You like, more cabbage, syrup for that whole time you're flavored,
 but more cabbage, syrup, then you can't take the favor,
 a delicate blend of maple and cane,
 serving once you're wanted again and again.
 You bet you will.
 What a wonderful breakfast, Bill!
 It's all cabbage, syrup in the morning!
 Yes, log cabin is America's most popular maple blended syrup,
 with sugar shore up the supply is limited,
 but you'll never get it if you never ask for it.
 ♪ Walked out in the morning ♪
 This will get next week, same time, same station
 to another sparkling half hour with the Aldrich family.
 (audience applauding)
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (piano music)
 (piano music)
