 In just a moment enjoy the Aldrich family.
 But first this is Bob McKenzie.
 A little later this evening, why not stop off at the Phil Harris Alice Faye household just for last?
 As another Sunday feature theater guild on the air will star John Lund and Vivekka Lindfors
 in Robert Nathan's heartwarming story of two refugees from war to Europe in their flight to freedom.
 Our story is titled The Seagull Cry.
 Then for mystery fans, there's another dragnet case history
 and our newest Sunday show, Barry Craig,
 a confidential investigator.
 Just stay tuned to this station,
 and now it's the Aldrich family on NBC.
 [music]
 Henry! Henry Aldrich!
 Coming, mother!
 [applause]
 Yes, it's the Aldrich family as transcribed written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Someone once said that when you finally grow up and leave your teenage behind you,
 it's like being expelled from paradise. You can't ever go back.
 But there's one thing you can do.
 You can recall that wonderful time of your life in the misadventures of Henry Aldrich
 The scene opens in the Aldrich living room. It's mid-afternoon now listen Mary for the last time
 I'm not gonna ask you again. Where is it? I don't have it Henry. All right, Mary. All right. Just remember
 I'm not gonna ask you again good wish I go around humiliating myself. That's what I say sure
 The last time Mary where'd you put it? Henry I give you my word. I don't know where it is anymore than you do
 All right, Mary, but I just want you to know that I know you took it.
 Mary took what, Henry?
 My...
 Nothing, Mother. Nothing at all.
 Now, wait a minute, Mary. Don't go upstairs.
 I'd like to make you a proposition.
 Now, Mary?
 But, Mary, will you let me start your bureau?
 If I promise to put everything back...
 No!
 Henry?
 Sam!
 Hello, Father.
 Dear, why in the world are you coming home from the office at this time of day?
 But a very special reason.
 Now, let me forget this envelope.
 Envelope?
 Is that why...
 with you please call Mary and tell you want to downstairs at once what for she
 locked herself in a room and Rick would you come in here and just a minute father
 I have to go outside for something and why are you home so early well all summer
 I've been saying that sometime Henry and I ought to pack up and go off on a
 camping trip here you want going on a camping trip in October on you why not
 I'm all caught up at the office October Alice there's a tang in the air all the
 leaves are starting to turn color. It's a wonderful idea.
 What is there so wonderful about sleeping on the hard, damp ground with trees dripping
 things on you all night?
 Here gets the poison out of your system. I'll come back a new man and after all I did promise
 Henry. I'm sure he's forgotten all about it.
 I'll hear you'll enjoy it. I'll hear you'll enjoy it.
 How long will you be gone? Oh maybe two or three nights.
 Sam Aldry.
 No, there. What do you think he's called Henry?
 Where is he?
 He ran out in the yard and got the ladder out of the garage,
 and now he's putting it up to my window.
 Henry, will you please take that ladder back?
 Mother, he practically is!
 Listen, Mary, for the last time.
 Good.
 See?
 Did you hurt yourself?
 Don't let her arrive.
 I think.
 Henry!
 This is all right, Father. I can fix your ladder.
 Will you please come in the house?
 There Alice is a good example of why I should take Henry on a trip. He needs to get away from the house
 What's wrong with the house?
 Nothing nothing. It's just that Henry needs to work off a little of that energy out in the fresh air theory was just out in the yard
 That isn't the same thing
 What Henry?
 Did that ladder cost a great deal Henry? Yes, sir
 And Sam, I've got to go up and get something in marriage.
 Very well.
 Wait a minute, Mother, I'd like to go with you.
 Henry.
 Yes, Father?
 Would you mind waiting here, please?
 Do you want to speak to me now?
 I do.
 Oh.
 Henry, how would you like to get away from all this?
 You're going to send me away just because I broke the ladder?
 How would you like to go on a camping trip?
 Hello?
 I go with you.
 In October?
 The weather prediction is warm and sunny for the next few days.
 Perhaps the last good ones will have.
 How about it?
 Go camping?
 Just the two of us?
 Yes, I will start this afternoon.
 Sleep right out in the woods.
 Catch our own fish, cook our own grub.
 The only thing is, Father, in a struggle.
 I have to go to the movies tonight.
 To the movies?
 Yes, sir.
 A bunch of us sort of planned to go this evening.
 Wouldn't you rather get out and eat your own fish?
 For Chief Westfather, they're counting on me
 to sit with them.
 Couldn't we go some other time?
 Well, not as well as today. Not any later this year.
 What's more, Homer Brown and his father may go with this.
 Homer and Mr. Brown?
 That throws a different light on him.
 But Homer's seen the picture and it doesn't matter to him.
 I see. Very well.
 Couldn't we go tomorrow, father?
 No, Henry, if you don't care anymore about it than that,
 then you needn't even think of going on.
 Mr. Alberts!
 Come in, Homer.
 I am in.
 I know.
 Hi, Henry.
 Hello, Homer.
 Mr. Alrich, my father wanted me to come over and tell you he doesn't know why he didn't think of it before.
 But we can't possibly go on that camping trip.
 Why not?
 We have to go to a wedding this afternoon, in a party afterwards.
 That's quite all right, Homer.
 I'm not sure I wanted to go camping anyway.
 Aren't you going at all, Father?
 Alone.
 Well, look, she was Aga with you.
 No, thank you, Henry.
 Sir, when you come upstairs, please...
 What's the trouble now?
 Mary's dead in the key in her door and she can't get it unlocked.
 I'll be right there.
 Father, wouldn't you like to join us at the movies?
 At my expense?
 Thank you, I would not.
 Henry, what did your mother say?
 Was there a matter with Mary?
 Boy, do you know what she did to me, Homer?
 Just to be humorous?
 No, what?
 She stole my diary.
 Your diary, Henry?
 A five-year diary.
 I just started it this year.
 And Mary has it?
 Sure.
 And it's got into what I think of everybody I know.
 Including me?
 Sure.
 Well, come on.
 I hope you look for it.
 Henry, may I have a talk with you?
 With I, Mother?
 Hello Mrs. Orich.
 Hello, Homer.
 Would you mind stepping into the hallway for a minute?
 What do you want me to do out there, Mrs. Orich?
 Just wait till I'm through talking.
 Oh, oh, I get it.
 Well, I'm sure whatever it is, Henry didn't make it.
 Mother Mary started the whole thing by taking my diary.
 That isn't what I want to talk about.
 Dear, your father feels rather badly.
 Father does?
 Because you'd rather not go camping.
 Oh.
 But mother, I told him I'd like to go.
 He said you insisted on going to the movies.
 Yeah, I don't know where we ever got that impression.
 I'll admit I did mention the movies,
 because it's a picture I feel it's my duty to see.
 I didn't refuse to go camping.
 Well, you see, dear, your father does enjoy doing things with you.
 And I'm afraid this time he was just a little hurt.
 Oh.
 Well, yeah, I didn't realize he was that sensitive.
 Maybe I ought to take him camping.
 Would you like to?
 Sure, I'd do him a lot of good.
 He needs to get away from the house for a while the house sure on the fresh air and different surroundings
 What's the matter?
 Came out too far
 Looking for something of Henry
 He heard his finger opening my door and he's feeling very sorry for himself mother a yes
 I'm not speaking to Mary. Will you please tell her I'll go up and get the iodine?
 Mother, I think Henry's entirely too sensitive.
 Mary, dear, do you know where Henry's diary is?
 Well, exactly what do you mean by that, Mother?
 I mean, did you hide it?
 Well, yes, but...
 Well, yes, but...
 Well, yes, but...
 That's what puzzles me.
 Where did you put it?
 In the cold, haper.
 In the cold, haper.
 In the cold, haper.
 In the cold, haper.
 And when I went back to get it, it was gone!
 Oh, I don't really have even the slightest ideas to where it is.
 For all I know it may have gone to the laundry.
 Now Mary, I don't think that was very nice.
 But Mother, there wasn't one word in it, the laundry could take a pen sat.
 Mrs. Allrich, is Henry still upstairs?
 Homer, what are you doing in there?
 Well, did you know one of the drawers in your desk is locked?
 Homer, please leave my desk alone.
 Mary, I want you to do something for me.
 something for me what is it father you see this brown envelope yes well before I
 forget when I missed a Warren calls for it will you please be sure that he gets
 it certainly father Sam are you and Henry really going camping yes Alice we had a
 little talk upstairs and I agreed to take him I'm married did I write Mr. Warren's
 name on the envelope oh my goodness father I can certainly remember Mr. Warren
 can't I don't lose it it's extremely important
 Mother if father tell you I agreed to take him yes Henry every what's not
 Don't you wish you knew can't you tell me it's something very private
 Sam I'll go in the kitchen and boil a couple dozen eggs for you and Henry to take with you
 She mother you don't need a boil in the air. No Alice. We'll cook our own food. What food the fish we catch
 All we want is a little flower so we can make biscuits and some bacon what over I
 Did what does this mean? It says Sam dropped in tonight, and I found him terribly nice
 But very sensitive who's very sensitive home or where did you get that?
 Well, you know that lock drawer in your desk and may I have it please?
 Alice when did you write that never mind we can't read it we certainly may not I'm going to take it out and burn it
 Well, come on, honey. Let's go up and get into our whole close your father
 So long over you're leaving me Henry don't you want to go home? Well, I was gonna look for your diary some more
 Wait a second Homer. I just had a wonderful idea
 Boy, will it kill Mary? It will she's got a brown envelope Homer a brown envelope. She says it's very private
 Before I go Catholic I'm gonna get it and hide it you are sure sure
 The only thing is Homer. You're not afraid of Mary. Are you?
 No, but maybe I really are after all Henry you aren't gonna open the envelope are you she was no
 We're just gonna hide it for a few days to get even. I think it's a great idea.
 Sure. And boy, will that teacher a lesson about taking things that don't belong to her?
 Father.
 Yes, Henry?
 I don't mean to be critical, but don't you think the fish would bite better if we didn't whistle?
 Yes, good idea.
 Nice, tangy day, isn't it?
 Just look at those leaves, brown, red.
 I think I'll cast out here in this other direction.
 It will seem to be biting very well.
 Yeah, them time. They're just getting used to us.
 Boy, I have to laugh every time I think of it.
 Every time you think of what?
 Don't we act even with Mary?
 You did.
 See, did I hide something of hers?
 Yeah.
 I have ever once said, "You're not good, John, I came to visit us."
 He left his bag off in his room.
 Father, I think I got a bite.
 Good.
 If we just keep quiet now, be quiet.
 Now you hook a little.
 That's what I'm doing.
 Who's he whiz?
 How is that?
 He kicked our knapsack into the water.
 Oh, I can get it.
 Be quiet, though.
 All I have to do is to take my shoes and socks off,
 and wait right out to wear the pack of snags.
 You better hurry, Father. The current's taking away.
 Here I go.
 Mmm.
 It's a little chintz.
 I'm here.
 [laughter]
 I'll get it all right.
 Be careful, Father.
 Mmm.
 Don't let it be for that I thought.
 You want to throw me your coat, Father?
 No.
 I just have to take one more step.
 [crash]
 Hey, who is Father?
 Father?
 Where are you, Father?
 [cheering]
 (Squeaking)
 Mary, don't you have the slightest ideas to where you put it?
 I'm almost positive that I put it here on this hall table.
 And it was a brown envelope? Yes, about this big.
 Is that Mr. Warren waiting in the living room?
 And no, dear, it's Will Brown, his uncle.
 Well, I'm going to ask him something.
 Oh, Mr. Brown! Yes, Mary?
 Does your Mr. Warren really need that envelope today?
 He sure does. He was down at your father's office this morning and got a little excited or something and walked off and left it.
 I see.
 Just how valuable is it?
 Well, it wouldn't be valuable to anybody else, but it certainly means a lot to my nephew.
 It does.
 He had his marriage license in it.
 How is that all?
 That's all he's planning to be married at five o'clock.
 Today?
 I hope you don't think I'd be wearing a cutaway like this a day ahead of time.
 Whoa!
 Yes, sir, my nephew's old futures in that envelope.
 Look, Mr. Brown, would you mind sitting down just a minute
 while my mother and I go through my room once more?
 Well, I won't sit down exactly.
 I don't want to ruin this coat.
 I'll just sort of lean against the wall.
 What about this dick on the fire, Henry?
 That's what I'm doing, father.
 Do I smell something burning?
 It's just a fire, I think.
 Boy, these fish here are tasty, aren't they?
 Yes.
 Has some more?
 They don't mind if I do.
 Cheerless, smarter mother to put this can of sardines in an app sack.
 Your mother thinks of everything.
 They're even important.
 Gee, you ought to see the big one I just got.
 Big what, sardine?
 Mosquito.
 How do you want shivering, are you?
 No, I don't know. I'm almost dry.
 Almost dry.
 Sir, it is wonderful out here in the woods in October.
 Feel that tang in the air, huh?
 That little brown sorry he couldn't come with us.
 Who's wedding do you have to go to?
 His nephew, John Warren.
 Hmm, 20 minutes to six.
 Gotta be just about married.
 Fathers, do you deserve?
 Yes, take this knife and cut a piece of that cake.
 Oh, gee whiz.
 Cut from the end that didn't go in the late.
 You know, son, as soon as we're through eating, I think we'd better move on to a place where there aren't so many mosquitoes.
 Father, maybe you did smell something burning.
 What is it?
 She whiz, I didn't know you put your shoes right next to this fire.
 You go through that pile of papers, dear, and I'll go through this one.
 I've been through all of them twice, mother.
 I just went through the trash pile and there's no sign of any license there.
 Will Brown, you haven't been going through the trash pile in that cutaway, have you?
 I used a long rake.
 Did I just hear the palm ring?
 If you did, don't answer it.
 Why not?
 They've been heckling us for two hours. When we find the envelope, my nephew can get married and not until then.
 My goodness, look at this.
 What, Mother?
 I just found a Christmas card we never opened.
 What?
 I wonder how Mrs. Standish has been so cool to me all year.
 in the old year?
 I'm waiting till you see how my nephew reacts to you.
 Where's he going on his honeymoon?
 It's a new Hampshire.
 It's a new Hampshire.
 Well, they like it there.
 They will if they ever get there.
 Father, where are you?
 Here, Homer.
 Well, look, they want me to tell you
 the brides having hysterics.
 Oh, my goodness.
 hysterics, Homer?
 She says she's never going to speak to the groom again
 as long as she lives.
 That's a fine thing.
 Are all the guests still there?
 Sure.
 When I left, they just finished the wedding cake.
 Here, I brought you a piece.
 Not now!
 Does help us look for that license?
 Well, what did it look like?
 It's in a brown envelope.
 A brown envelope?
 Yes, dear.
 A brown envelope?
 About this large?
 What's the matter with you, Homer?
 Have you seen it?
 - Am I a license? - Yes.
 No, sir!
 Do you know what I think?
 I think we ought to get in the car and find Mr. Allrich.
 - Say I'm old, Rich. - He's with Henry.
 I'm positive that'd be the safest thing to do.
 - Where is it they're camping out? - They set up near McCorkel's Rock.
 McCorkel's Rock's way up there?
 Well, J-Father, we could find them in less than two hours.
 And I have a feeling that's the only thing to do.
 Alice, call the wedding and tell them to go ahead with the reception.
 We'll get the bride and groom married later.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 We'll return to the Aldrich family in just a moment.
 His voice has thrilled millions.
 His curly locks have been compared to spun gold.
 His background is that of a man of the world.
 Who is he?
 Nobody but Phil Harris.
 And tonight you can join Phil and his long-suffering wife,
 Alice Faye, in another of their funny misadventures.
 Then your weekly theater guild on the air presents John Lunn and Vivica Linfers
 in a tender story of two war offerings, Seagull Cry by Robert Nathan.
 Next comes two of the top NBC news programs.
 First, Martha Roundtree's panel conference Meet the Press,
 then the American Forum of the Air with Theodore Granik as your moderator.
 On both shows, NBC microphones will bring you the people who are the names in tomorrow's headlines.
 So check your local newspaper for broadcast times.
 Stay tuned to this NBC station.
 For theater guild on the air, the Phil Harris Alice
 Peycho, Meet the Press, and the American Forum of the Air.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 And now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 To get even with his sister who had lost his diary,
 Henry has hidden an envelope which he believes is hers,
 and he's gone off on a three-day camping trip.
 He's unaware of the fact that the envelope contains an important marriage license.
 The scene is in the woods. The time is late at night.
 Father, where are you?
 Right here, Henry.
 Where?
 I'll display you.
 Oh.
 You think we'll like this place better in the last two places we unpacked in?
 Marisin' a mosquito anywhere near here.
 Now, line down and get comfortable.
 Gee, I wish our flashlight hadn't dropped in the water.
 You don't need a flashlight.
 Father, have you any idea where we are?
 I know exactly where we are. We're about a mile and a half from the main line of the Y and R railroad.
 Now, lie down and go to sleep.
 I am.
 Heee, this is the life, isn't it?
 You think it'll rain?
 There isn't a chance.
 See, what was that?
 Just a thunderstorm, way over on the other side of the valley.
 I'll close your eyes and go to sleep.
 Yes, Father.
 I wonder why the stars are now?
 Give them time. They'll come out.
 Too bad Will Brown and Homer couldn't have come along with us.
 Who's why did you say it was?
 Mr. Warren, the young business man who just moved to town.
 I expect to do a lot of business with him.
 What's that?
 Just some animal.
 Why don't you just relax, Henry, and enjoy nature?
 Sound like a train whistle.
 Well, it might have been a train over on the Y&R.
 Oh.
 Listen, Father, don't you think we ought to go some other place?
 No, Henry, there's no sense in trying to go anyplace else.
 We'll be just as comfortable here as if we were home.
 Father, is it raining where you are?
 Well, just a little.
 You better pull your blanket over your head.
 (music)
 For our train whistle sounds closer.
 Well, of course it sounds closer.
 It's going to pass within a mile and a half of it.
 (music)
 Father, Father, the headlights are going right at us.
 What's that?
 Do you feel any ties under you?
 How did we get way over here?
 Come on!
 (music)
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Henry!
 Henry!
 Sam, oh, [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Do you hear anything, Father?
 Oh, Sam!
 Maybe they went a little farther into the woods.
 Oh, man, they couldn't have gone.
 What's the matter, Father?
 Nothing I just fell down again.
 I never thought when I put this cut away on,
 I'd be wearing it out hiking.
 [audience laughter]
 Do you watch your piece of wedding cake now?
 I do not! All I want is that license!
 Dear Homer, tryin' that light over this way.
 What is it?
 A campsite. Somebody cook their supper here.
 Where?
 Right there. See ya. Siding can to burnt shoe.
 [audience laughter]
 Probably a couple of tramps. Come on over.
 [audience laughter]
 Is...is that rain, I feel?
 Oh, Justin leaves rustling.
 Was that leaves, too?
 Oh, Sam! Sam Audrey!
 Father, are you sure the front door was locked?
 I am. Let's try the back door.
 That's what I'm doing.
 You don't you think we ought to call mother?
 No.
 Real softly?
 There's no use disturbing your mother.
 It's nearly midnight.
 Bless you.
 Thank you.
 Mother, why couldn't we sleep over at the Browns?
 We drove by the lights.
 We're still on.
 The guests are still there too.
 We're not walking in on any wedding party looking like this.
 We're the last people in the world they want to see tonight.
 Gee, even the windows are locked.
 Father, I know what we could do.
 What?
 the garage no and your mother never let us hear the last of it oh incidentally when
 you see her in the morning it won't be necessary to mention the fact that we
 lost a frying pan how about your shoe that we lost well that was an old shoe I
 bought at least two years ago hey we don't know how we can get here where you
 going the cellar door is unlocked follow me bless you thank you
 (baby crying)
 (baby crying)
 Mother! Mother!
 Yes, Mary?
 Wake up, you father!
 I know it.
 Hello?
 Hello, is this Alice Aldrich?
 Yes.
 This is Margaret Kilmer next door.
 Oh.
 I don't want to laugh you in the middle of the night,
 I got my bedroom window a moment ago I saw two men prowling round to a house.
 - Oh, man? - Yes.
 Are you sure everything is law?
 Oh, yes. At least I think everything is.
 Well, then I wouldn't worry dear. They'll probably go away in a few minutes.
 Yes, of course.
 I hope I am disturbed you.
 Oh, no. No, not at all.
 Goodbye.
 - How do you want it? - It wasn't anyone. Mary, just Mrs. Kilmer.
 Mrs. Kilmer?
 She says not to worry, but there were two men outside.
 Two men, mother?
 Now don't be afraid. Every door and window is locked, except perhaps the cellar door.
 Didn't we lock that?
 Mary, we've got to go down and see whether we did or not.
 At this time of night?
 Yes, dear. Let's not turn on any lights.
 I won't, mother.
 I don't wake you in the hall, dear, while I answer the phone.
 Who do you suppose it is?
 Hello?
 Ms. Albright's this is Joe Graham.
 Who?
 You know the best man at John Lauren's wedding.
 Oh yes!
 Do you have any ideas to wear Mr. Brown on corner with?
 Yes, up to McCorkel's rocks to look for Henry and Mr. Aldridge.
 Well, they haven't come back yet. We're getting a bit worried.
 My goodness.
 Maybe I better take a couple of the guests and go out and try to find them.
 Well, hope I didn't wake you up.
 Oh no, not at all.
 Bye!
 Goodbye.
 Mother!
 Yes, dear. I just found out and locked the cellar door.
 You locked it?
 I never was so frightened in my life.
 And I was just in time, Mother.
 I could hear somebody right outside.
 Dear, I'm sure we're perfectly safe. Everything is locked.
 What's that?
 Mary.
 Listen, Mary.
 Mary, someone's putting a ladder against the side of the house.
 They're gonna climb in one of the windows.
 Shouldn't we call the police?
 Yes, dear.
 And you all the time, Henry, shouldn't have left that ladder lying there on the ground.
 Wasn't it broken?
 I thought it was. I don't see how it was.
 I thought it was!
 time is it so 10 minutes to three are we almost home father we are Mary yes
 father as long as you live if you ever discover that Henry is keeping another
 diary you are not to hide it in the laundry hamper or any other place is
 that clear yes father and Henry yes father I know I thought you made a very
 nice best man Sam. Thank you. Even if you were wearing cocky trousers. She gets too
 bad Homer and Mr. Brown didn't get there for the ceremony. Well my goodness the
 way they looked when they did get back it's just as well. Anyway it was a very
 nice wedding. Didn't you think the bride looked lovely? Oh yes mother. That is
 sleepy perhaps but lovely. What's the like her so much? She was pretty darn cool
 to me you don't say
 a lot to father and all richard you can't you know certainly not enough to
 over
 it's just
 well it's just frankly
 i think there was a little too much to hang in the air
 Radar can't do the entire job of protecting our country from a surprise air attack.
 That's up to us as individual citizens.
 Right now, the air defense command needs 300,000 more volunteers for its ground observacore,
 made up of patriotic citizens who contribute a few hours of their spare time each week.
 Both men and women from teenage up can join the ground observacore and perform a valuable service to our country.
 Write a phone your nearest civil defense center.
 A right to ground observer corps, Air Force Washington 25, DC.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, Ray, did you see your diary here?
 She was, Molly, where did that come from?
 I just came back with a laundry.
 What's this piece of paper with it?
 I didn't read it.
 It says, "We cannot accept responsibility for laundering this article, but
 suggest you send it to a reliable dry cleaner."
 The Aldridge Family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Michael O'Day.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldridge are House Jameson and Catherine Rod.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Listen again next week, same time, same station,
 for another sparkling half hour with the Aldridge family.
 Good night, everybody.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Tonight, it's the Phil Harris Alice Faisheaux and Thea De Gild
 on the air over NBC.
 (piano music)
 (loud whirring)
 (buzzing)
