 [Music]
 Henry Henry, coming mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the Army family, transcribed, written by Crippa Goldsmith.
 [Music]
 Men who work with figures say that the average American family consists of 4.2 persons
 and that certainly is true of the Aldrich family.
 For Sam and Alice, Mary and Henry always add up to 4.2.
 The extra two tenths contributed by Henry because he's a typical teenage boy plus a little something extra.
 The scene opens in the all-rich hallway. The time is evening.
 Hey Henry, what are you doing?
 Looking for the phone book Homer.
 Are you folks going to be there tomorrow?
 Be well Homer.
 At school. You've forgotten Henry the mile was parents' day.
 Oh, we're not so loud. Hey folks are right there in the living room.
 Are they going, Henry?
 No. Boy am I lucky they've forgotten all about it.
 about it. Well how do you know? Well the notice came two weeks ago and my mother
 put it on the table. Then about three days later somebody threw it out. I
 forget who. Boy I sure hope my folks forget. It's the one thing I hate it's
 parents day. Same here. If you go on a piece of tour on that day. Hey. Yes mother.
 Why don't you at home I come into the living room. Well I've got to put in a
 call mother. Who are you gonna call? I go to a foreign's word. But you told me to
 get a date for tomorrow night. Well sure, but what do you want to take by all of
 for? Listen Homer, she's a darn good looking girl.
 Never seen.
 L273. L273. Yes please.
 Henry, didn't you ask why I was a go to something a week ago? Sure.
 And she turned you down, didn't she? Homeward or reason. She turned me down
 was because
 when you please stop reading down my neck.
 Henry, she'll only turn you down again. Why embarrass yourself?
 Homer, do you hear me? Catch your mother in the room and read the National Geographic.
 Okay, but don't say I didn't want you.
 Hello?
 Hello? This is Hen.
 Hello?
 Hen, don't you remember?
 Henry.
 Hello.
 Hi, Viola.
 Hi.
 Henry who?
 He was Henry Aldridge.
 Oh, hello.
 Are you studying hard for tomorrow?
 You mean for parenting?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Well, would you like to go to a dance tomorrow night?
 Would you?
 Sure.
 No thank you.
 Well...
 You mean you can?
 Yes.
 Would you like to do anything Saturday night?
 No thank you.
 I'm going to be busy Saturday night.
 How about a week from Saturday night?
 Well I can't very well tell what I'll be doing that for a head.
 Oh.
 Well I guess I'll see you at school tomorrow.
 You will.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Hey Henry, don't bother me Homer.
 Didn't I tell you you shouldn't ask her?
 You know what she said to me.
 Alright, Henry, I wasn't going to tell you because I was afraid that it hurt your feelings,
 but...
 Well, I happen to know Viola doesn't want to go out with you.
 How do you know that?
 She told Agnes Lawson.
 She did?
 Sure.
 You know what she said her folks said?
 What?
 That you wanted the right kind of company for her, and they didn't want her to be seen with you.
 Mr. and Mrs. Barnes were and said that about me?
 Why should you care what they say, Henry?
 You've got lots worse things to worry about than that.
 What?
 Well, I'm not sure, but when I was in the living room just now,
 I think I heard your father say something about coming to school a mile.
 You couldn't have.
 All I know had me is what I thought I heard.
 She whiz.
 Where's my coat?
 Right there on the floor.
 You want me to get a date for you tomorrow night?
 No, I don't.
 Well, so long.
 So long.
 And Homer, when you see Agnes, will you please tell me to stop spreading stories about Viola?
 What you say against my over you know what you just told me oh
 Father yes, and father could I ask you something what's on your mind? Well house
 house business
 Quite good. Thank you Henry. Have you done all your studying for this evening? I'm getting my book out right now, mother. I just
 Father are you gonna be busy tomorrow?
 My I expect to be where
 What do you mean where well?
 At the office or all around town. I'm going to my office in the morning if that's what you mean you are
 And we'd be quite busy down there. I hope so
 Well, I'm I'm glad to hear the business is so good and I'm glad you feel that way
 I'm can I get you something no thanks? I'm going upstairs a moment any please get over your homework. I am father
 Mother? Mother? Mother, do you mind if I ask you something?
 It hasn't anything to do with your algebra. She hasn't anything to do with anything.
 You know by all this mother and father.
 Mr. and Mrs. Fonsworth? I know them slightly.
 Oh. Mother, did father say it was going to be busy all day?
 Henry, I thought you were going to study. They am studying my lot. Look, I'm on page 18.
 Well, suppose you keep right on then.
 All nays, artes, qui, ad, humani.
 Do you know what Agnes said somebody said about me?
 What?
 Never mind, nothing.
 But gee, I don't see all our folks congeum to conclusions
 when they don't even know me.
 Who's folks don't even know you?
 Anybody's, anybody's.
 She was, what's so terrible about me?
 Henry, are you translating Latin?
 Who me? Sure.
 Mother, do you think Viola Farnsworth is so good looking?
 What's that?
 I mean, what ride is Homer, God?
 Homer, dear, is there something in that book that confuses you?
 No, she whiz.
 Mother, would you mind asking Mr. Mrs. Farnsworth over here for dinner some time?
 Dear, we don't even know Mr. and Mrs. Farnsworth.
 That isn't the point, Mother. You're just looking at things backwards.
 Have you ever met the Farnsworth?
 Yes, but only under what you might call unfavorable circumstances.
 So why couldn't you have them over here sometime?
 Let them see what father is really like.
 What is what?
 - Henry getting his work done?
 - What's that father?
 - Henry, I think you'd get a great deal more work done
 if you'd take your book and go up to your room.
 - Now?
 - Now.
 - People on Mother answers my question.
 - Henry?
 - Yes, Father, I'll go.
 - I'll only first...
 Mother, may I ask one thing?
 Well...
 Well, if you should meet me on the street,
 out of a clear sky, see, and you never met me before.
 What would you say?
 Why, I think I'd say, here comes a very fine looking young man.
 You what?
 Well, good night.
 Good night.
 Good night.
 How was it?
 Yes, Sam.
 Why in the world did he ask Sam?
 Now, dear, didn't you ever wonder the same thing about yourself?
 Yes, but I never went around asking people.
 Sam, how would you like to have Mr. and Mrs. Farnsworth over for dinner some evening?
 What on earth for?
 Well, if I read between the lines, Henry wants them to see that his family is at least civilized.
 Oh, what are the Farnsworth's like?
 No, I'd like to know too, dear.
 Why couldn't we at least ask them to join us tomorrow?
 You mean when we go to the school?
 Yes.
 Why?
 Well, they've never been to parents' day.
 Well, give them a ring.
 Only, Alison, you're quite sure we shouldn't tell Henry that we're going to be there.
 Don't you know how nervous Henry got when we went last year?
 I think it would be much nicer just as surprising.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 I'll bring your bacon in in just a moment.
 Did you reach the farms where?
 No, there.
 I just tried them again.
 They must be pretty social.
 Out last night, line busy this morning,
 I guess they're all in our class.
 Will you call Henry, please?
 Henry!
 - Hey, my grandfather, I'm coming right now.
 Could you sort of tighten this tie for me, please?
 - What are you wearing a bow tie for?
 - Well, I don't know, I just thought
 maybe it would make me look different.
 - From what?
 - Hmm.
 - Please sit down and eat your cereal.
 - Yes, father.
 - And don't spill anything.
 I've never seen you look so neat
 and I'd like to save the memory.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yes, sir.
 Would you mind asking me some of the questions
 in this history book while I'm eating?
 - Yeah, well, this is something
 going to have in school today? Yes, sir. Well, in any way it is. When did the Civil War
 start? April 12, 1861. Did the move to see seed have general acquiescence among the southern
 states? What's that? Did the move to see seed have general acquiescence among the southern
 states? Acquiescence? Will you pass the cream, please? Here you are. How do you spell that
 words. A-C-Q-U-I-E-S-C-E-N-C-E. Oh, acquiesce, ensure, naturally. What does it mean? Well, that
 was when the war started. Things were sort of mixed up in there. And I suppose you go
 in the living room and look up the word in the dictionary. No? No. Yes, Father.
 Hack we have to say
 They're still busy who the funds were so I just tried to phone them again
 So you sure we shouldn't tell Henry that we're trying to get them to go down to the high school with this
 Be it why not wait and make it a double surprise your father acquiescence means to accept
 That's fine. It can tuck he didn't do it and Missouri didn't know what to do
 Henry, anybody wrong?
 She wasn't that you, Homer?
 You know what time it is?
 Oh boy, I've got to go, mother.
 I sure you don't want to be late on--
 on goodbye, mother.
 Take your banana, dear.
 I've got it.
 Break your tie.
 She was in that crooked again.
 And thanks very much for all your other help, father.
 Bye.
 Pea Henry, I'm I sick.
 It's a matter, Homer.
 My darn folks are coming to school.
 Oh boy, that's tough.
 And you know what's going to happen?
 My teachers are all gonna call on me and make a fool of my whole family.
 Boy, I'm sure glad I'm not in your shoes, Homer.
 - Ms. Eggleston. - Ms. Eggleston, yes, darling.
 - I've got a wonderful idea. - Well, what is it, Homer?
 As long as this is parents day, don't you think it'll be a good idea if instead of my coming into English class I act as sort of a nasher?
 - And ushers? - Sure.
 I'll stand right outside the classroom, see?
 And whenever I see a parent that doesn't look as though he knows where he's going, I'll say,
 "Wouldn't you like to step in your listen to English?"
 That's very thoughtful of your whole mother.
 We're going to need you in the spelling bee.
 [audience laughter]
 - In the spelling bee? - Of course.
 It's better be one of the main features of the day.
 Some of the boys are going to spell against some of the girls.
 I think the parents would enjoy that, don't you?
 The fine minute mine won't.
 You are in it.
 Oh boy.
 I know this sounds like an excuse, but frankly I've got a sore throat.
 Oh man, sorry that I'm busy and I should have to ask you to leave the room.
 Yes, Ms. Eggleston, I'll go.
 But my throat's getting worse every second.
 Hey Homer.
 Tell me your long Henry Wissian.
 How about delivering this note if I own a fine's worth?
 No.
 Please Homer.
 Henry, why are you wasting time writing her notes?
 I didn't write it, I didn't write a word of it.
 I just cut it out of a book.
 Let's say it.
 It's just a little write up Homer.
 Here, it's about my father.
 She was.
 What was that printed in?
 Miss College Yearbook when he graduated.
 He was a big shot in his class.
 Boy, does he look different.
 What did they call it?
 Dapper Sam?
 Sure.
 Dapper Sam.
 Hey, read the whole thing.
 Dapper Sam Aldridge, perhaps a bit stuffy at times,
 but generous, brilliant, and most likely to succeed.
 Pretty good, huh?
 What do they mean by stuffy?
 Well, my mother got him over there.
 How about it?
 Would you please give it to Viola?
 If I will, will you do something for me?
 Sure.
 Okay.
 Go on and tell Ms. Aglison,
 you'd like to take my place in the spelling bee.
 Hold on, wait a minute, Homer, what spelling bee?
 Just a little spelling bee.
 It's gonna be a lot of fun.
 Fun for who?
 I can't remember. My folks are going to be there and yours aren't.
 Homer, I've got a sore throat.
 Don't give me that. I thought you said you'd help me if I'd help you.
 But Homer, you know what my spelling is like.
 Do you want me to give this note to Viola?
 Well sure, but that's entirely different.
 Do you? Oh, don't you want it to know your father used to be considered bright.
 Good morning, students.
 Good morning, Ms. Farmer.
 Before we begin our history, I think it would be very nice
 if we introduced our visitors.
 Class, this is Homer Brown's mother and father,
 Mr. Mrs. Brown.
 Good morning, Mrs. Brown.
 Now then, who would like to answer the first question?
 Oh, I wouldn't have.
 Well, that's fine.
 But I think we should let Homer have the honor.
 Homer, will you stand up, please?
 Yes, Ms. Barkley.
 Oh, it was my brother.
 Now Homer, in what year did the civil war begin?
 Why are you...
 Well...
 In what year?
 In what year?
 The civil war?
 Was that in today's lesson, Miss Buckley?
 Yes, it was.
 Oh.
 Well, I guess I'm not thinking very fast.
 Now, that's quite all right, Homer.
 Suppose we let you sit down and give you another chance later on?
 Yes, Ms. Barker.
 Henry Aldrich, would you tell us the answer?
 Who me?
 Well, it was in 1861.
 That is correct.
 It would be exact April 12th.
 Thank you, Henry.
 You may sit down.
 Yes, Ms. Buckley.
 Well, I see we have some more visitors.
 How are you?
 How are you?
 Hi.
 Glad you're glad to welcome Mr. Mrs. Aldrich and Mr. Mrs. Parnsworth.
 Good morning.
 I believe that Lady of Chaos right here in front.
 Thank you.
 No, then.
 Supposed me that Viola Farnsworth answered this next question.
 Yes, Ms. Buckley.
 What were the basic causes of the Civil War?
 Slavery and economic difference.
 No, that's fine.
 Now the next question, I think we should let Henry Aldrich have the next one in honor of his parents.
 Henry?
 Yes, Ms. Buckley.
 Did the move to secede have general acquiescence among the southern states?
 Well, I'll tell you Miss Fine. I mean my puppy.
 Take your time.
 Well, I guess I'm afraid.
 Henry, you told me a breakfast Kentucky and Missouri were doubtful states.
 Oh, yes. I'm sorry, Mr. Audrich, but I'm afraid we'll have to ask our visitors not to give any assistance.
 I beg your pardon.
 Homer?
 Yes, Miss Barkley?
 That piece of paper that you just died to pass the viola.
 Does that have anything to do with our civil war history?
 Well, it's from around that time.
 [Laughter]
 Yeah, that's fine.
 I'm quite sure then all of this will be interested in hearing what it has to say.
 You mean...
 You mean you want to say this?
 Will you stand up and read it, please?
 The only thing is it's...
 Yes.
 Now, let's forget that we have visitors.
 Just stand up and read it right out.
 Right out?
 I think we should keep up on everything that anyway pertains to history.
 But it's my former.
 Yes, ma'am.
 It says...
 "Dapper Sam Albridge, perhaps a bit stuff in your eyes, but you're a little bit taller."
 Homer!
 Sam!
 Henry!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 When we turn to the oldest family in just a moment,
 his voice has thrilled millions.
 His curly locks have been compared to spun gold.
 His background makes him a man among men.
 Who is he?
 None other than Phil Harris.
 And this evening, why not join Phil and his long-suffering
 wife, Alice Faye, in another of the crony misadventures?
 Then for another Theatre Guild on the Air presentation, listen to Madeline Carroll, Burgess Meredith
 and Melville Cooper in the Broadway hit Hobson's Choice.
 Each Sunday over most of these same NBC stations, Theatre Guild on the Air brings you stars
 of Broadway and Hollywood.
 News comes next with Martha Round Trees Meet the Press, and here is your chance to sit in
 on America's only public press conference as the personalities in the news answer questions
 asked by a panel composed of prominent reporters.
 So check your newspaper for broadcast times
 and listen in this evening for more top NBC radio
 entertainment with the Phil Harris Alice
 facial theater guild on the air and Meet the Press.
 Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Olmute.
 Henry, not knowing his mother and father,
 planning to visit his school on parance day as agreed to take part in a spelling
 bee in place of home of brown seen opens in the school corridor a few minutes
 before the contest is scheduled to begin you wait Homer you just wait Henry could
 I help it if she made me read it if you think I'm gonna go into that spelling
 before you you're crazy but Henry you got you all know I don't know what to
 tell Miss Eggleston to put you back in listen Henry you gave me your word
 you're in the spelling bee yes father may I speak with you please you know
 what you're going to say. So long, Henry. I'm going into the arts and crafts exhibit.
 I don't believe I've ever been quite so embarrassed in my life.
 Father, I didn't know Homer was going to read that. The whole thing was out of my control.
 That isn't what I'm referring to. And what is it? In history class, you're not remembering that it
 was Kentucky. And father, my mind went blank. Didn't I send you into the living room during
 breakfast to look up the key word acquiescence? And didn't you come back and tell me the correct
 answer? Yes, father. Then why did you act as though you didn't have a tongue?
 Because right at that minute I couldn't have told you my own name.
 Henry!
 Yes, mother?
 Where's the autumn craft exhibit?
 She, I don't think you and father would enjoy seeing that, mother.
 Don't you have anything in there?
 Well, yes, but wouldn't you rather have me take you around the building and show you the gymnasium or something?
 And what room is the exhibit?
 Well, I don't know the exact room.
 Well, will you please go down the hall and ask someone?
 Yes, mother, I'll go.
 Sam?
 I'm not sure, but I don't think I like the Fonzers.
 Thankfully, I don't like them either.
 Did you see Mr. Fonzers' face when Henry couldn't answer that question?
 I saw it.
 Your mother, the exhibit's right here in room 101.
 Well, let's go in.
 I want you all like it.
 Oh, yes, we will.
 My goodness, look at all the things.
 Look at that card table.
 Henry, did one of the students build that?
 Yes, sir.
 But without sort of an advanced chord.
 Henry, look out, you're backing into someone.
 Oh, well, she was. Excuse me.
 That's all right. I hardly felt it.
 Oh, is that you, Mr. Farnsworth?
 It is.
 Henry, your father and I go to walk over and look at the mechanical drawer.
 All right.
 Young man.
 Yes, Mr. Farnsworth?
 Do you happen to know who built this model airplane?
 Well, that was built by five or six of the boys.
 They all sort of got together on it.
 Were you one of them?
 No.
 No, I wasn't.
 You know, what did you build?
 Well, I sort of... I built this thing right here.
 What is it?
 What is anything? It's just a paperweight.
 Well, how did you happen to put your time in on a thing like that?
 Well, it's nothing but a brass ball.
 Well, I made it out of a square block, see, on a machine.
 I'd probably be fun to see if I could make it perfectly round.
 Father!
 Yes, Viola?
 Viola, Viola.
 We were just looking at Henry's paperweight.
 - Henry, did you make that? - Sure.
 - Would you like me to show you some of these other things?
 - Oh no, it's almost time for the spelling bee.
 - The spelling bee?
 Are you in that tool?
 - Of course.
 - Do you mean to say, young man, that you were in it?
 - Well, in a way I am.
 - It ought to be quite a contest.
 - Yes.
 - I was just looking at this card here by your paperweight.
 Did you letter this?
 - Yes, sir.
 It says "sphere" made by Henry Aldrich, and "sphere" is spelled S-P-E-R-E.
 - Don't you happen to tell us that way? - Henry, you kill me!
 Listen, Viola, anybody would think you never made any mistake?
 - Henry, is that the bell for the spelling bee? - Yes, I think it is, Father.
 This is something I don't want to miss, Mr. Aldrich.
 - Your daughter pretty good at spelling? - Well, I'll certainly stake her against any boy.
 Anytime yes well just to be a good sport I'll take Henry against any girl
 Father you don't really want to go in there. Do you I'd like to see anyone keep me out? Come on father
 We're going to be late Sam wait for me. Mother are you coming to? Of course I am well
 Well look you're gonna use for this paperweight on your desk
 Henry did you make that sure could you just put it in your pocketbook?
 Well there I can't very well carry a brass ball like that around
 Aren't you supposed to leave it here on exhibit?
 She was no.
 Don't know why I entered it here in the first place.
 Sam?
 What?
 Put this paper weight in your pocket and hurry up or we'll be late to the spelling bee.
 Now then please, the boys will stand on this side of the room and the girls on the other side.
 Yes, Ms. Eggers.
 "In suggestly, perhaps I should have said beforehand how delightably I have so many guests present."
 Mr. Mrs. Farnsworth, Mr. Mrs. Brown, Mr. Marshall, Mrs. Johnson, that's Theresa Johnson's aunt, of course, and Mr. Mrs. Sam Orbridge.
 Now then, let's draw the first word for the girls' theme.
 That's a chase. Your word is "re-conoiter".
 Reconoiter.
 R-E-C-O-N-N-O-I-T-E-R.
 Convect. And now the boys.
 When it was sure, I believe your word is to be "irrecipilist".
 Irrecipilist.
 E-A-R-Y-S-I-T-E-L-A-S.
 Wrong.
 Wrong.
 Siala Consvus.
 Irrecipilist.
 E-R-Y-F-I-P-E-L-A-S.
 That's very good. Viola is one of our best spellers.
 We are very proud of Viola.
 The next word will be spelled by Henry Albridge.
 Yes, Ms. Eggerson?
 Biscuit.
 Biscuit?
 Yes.
 But you eat?
 Oh, that's the way you think about it.
 B-I-S-C-U-I-T.
 Correct.
 Correct?
 The next word.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 R-R-A-S-S-E-D.
 Embarrass.
 Correct.
 Well, there aren't quite as many standings
 as there were a few minutes ago, are there?
 No, no, no.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 Yes.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 The next word is psychology.
 That's a sense, psychology.
 P-S-Y-C-H-O-L-O-G-Y.
 Sorry, that's wrong.
 Wrong.
 Better chase.
 Will you spend it for me?
 psychology. P-S-Y-C-H-O-L-O-G-Y. Correct. But that's the way I spelled it. Oh no you didn't. I think that's the way. He did my... Yes ma'am. What told me I wish you'd spell it a little more slowly. You may remain standing. And Betty you have to have another word. Yes Miss Agleston. Your word is deceitful. D-E-C-E-I-T-S-U-L.
 - Round? - Oh, no, I wasn't.
 It's I before E except Eckertine.
 But that isn't where you went wrong.
 Henry Orbeach.
 Yes, Mr. Eggleston.
 The E-C-E-I-T-F-U.
 - One L. - Right!
 - Five L-one! - One L!
 Wrong.
 Well, now there are only two left standing.
 This makes it very exciting.
 Viola, Hans, Rhett, and Henry always.
 The next word is for Henry.
 Yuckel-Aly.
 Yuckel-Aly.
 You K.
 No.
 You K.
 No.
 Well, which is it?
 You K.
 You K-U-L-E.
 Ellie, you clearly.
 Try!
 [INTERPOSING VOICES]
 Now, Viola, your word is acquiescence.
 Oh, Gee, when?
 I'm sorry.
 Let's not have any remarks.
 It's Viola's turn.
 Acquiescence.
 A-Q-U-I-S-E-M-C-E.
 Hello?
 Hey, boy.
 I'm not going to do enough.
 And I'm not just a moment.
 Viola's not down unless Henry spells it correctly.
 Henry, it's up to you.
 Oh, boy.
 Come on, Henry.
 Don't do it, Henry.
 Come on, Henry.
 Come on, Henry.
 Quiet now, please.
 Let's not confuse you.
 Acquiescence.
 That quiescence.
 A-C-Q-I-E-S-C-E-N-C.
 Right! The boys win!
 (cheering)
 (music playing)
 Well, son, were you nervous?
 I was at first father, but all of a sudden I forgot that you were in the room and mother and Mr. Mrs. Farnsworth.
 And then I remembered breakfast and you sitting there with my book and your boiled egg.
 And then...
 An acquiescence came right back into my mind.
 Then the Farnsworth left words that they were driving on home.
 Alone?
 I think they preferred going alone.
 Well, the feeling is mutual.
 Hey Henry, you're one of the main office.
 Oh, gee whiz.
 Mr. Bradley saw us the dude.
 What about out?
 Well, didn't you take that paperweight out of the arts and crafts exhibit?
 Sure, but it's mine, Homer. That doesn't make any difference.
 He says you're to take it right straight back and leave it there until you get your award.
 Are you a war?
 Well, that's what I'm trying to tell you. You got third prize.
 Perform in precision.
 No, kitty.
 What do you know? And Viola wants an answer to a note she gave me to give to you.
 Uh, an open Viola?
 Where is it, Homer? I lost it.
 You lost it.
 I remember what she said though, but why did she say dear Henry would you please accept my humble apology?
 Wilhomer tell her
 Tell her I acquiesce
 Under the symbol of the Red Feather more than 17,000 local agencies serve their communities for instance
 The United Community Campaigns must raise money for all people who need
 clinic care, nursing service, or a chance to learn a new skill in order to
 support themselves, and for children to whom family life has been denied, and who
 need institutional or foster home care. So when you make your October pledge to
 the Red Feather Campaign, remember that it's a United Community Campaign and
 pledge something extra this year. Give the United Way.
 [Music]
 The Aldrich Family is transcribed as written by Clifford Goldsmith.
 Henry is played by Bobby Ellis and Homer by Jack Grimes.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are housed in Jameson and Katherine Rot.
 Your announcer is Dick Dudley.
 [Music]
 Tonight it's the Phil Harris Alice Fay Show and Theta Guild on the air over NBC.
 (guitar music)
 (somber piano music)
