 [Music]
 And now the Jell-O family presents...
 Henry Henry O'Brien!
 Coming, mother!
 [Applause]
 Yes, it's the O'Brien family based on characters originated by Clifford Goldsmiths
 and starring Ezra Stone as Henry with Jackie Kelt as Homer.
 Brought to you by the Jell-O family.
 Yes, the Jell-O family.
 Oh, the Big Red Letter stand for the Jell-O family.
 Oh, the Big Red Letter stand for the Jell-O family.
 That's Jell-O.
 Yum, yum, yum.
 Jell-O puddings.
 Yum, yum, yum.
 Jell-O tack.
 Be oke, puddings.
 Yes, hooray.
 And now for the Aldrich family.
 The most exciting thing about 117 Elm Street
 is the fact that a typical teenage boy lives there.
 And when the boy is Henry Aldrich,
 he does many more things than just live there.
 The scene opens in the oldridge front hall. It is early morning.
 Well, good morning, Father Old Timer.
 I beg your pardon, Henry.
 I said good morning, Father Old Timer. Is there anything I can do for you?
 For me?
 Yes, sir.
 Henry, what is it you're after?
 I'm not after anything, Father. I'm just being cheerful.
 Before I've had my coffee?
 I was looking for my left sock under the bed this morning, see? And what do you suppose I've found?
 Your right sock.
 No, my New Year's resolutions. They must have fallen under there when I was wrapping my Christmas presents.
 And you know what was right on top of the list?
 Always be cheerful.
 Gee whiz, how did you know?
 I'm psychic.
 Sure. And right after that comes always be helpful. So is there anything I can do for you?
 You can let me go in and have my breakfast. I'd like to finish putting up my rose arbor this morning.
 Gee whiz father, why not let me do it?
 I prefer to do it myself, thank you. Now let's go into the dining room.
 Good morning, Sam.
 Good morning.
 - Great, aren't you?
 - Thank you, Alice.
 - Mother, is there anything you'd like me to do for you?
 - Yes, dear, you can drink your juice.
 - That's all?
 Well, gee, where's Mary?
 - In the living room.
 - She is?
 Would you excuse me while I go in
 and give her a cheerful good morning?
 - Dear, if I were you, I wouldn't.
 - But mother, I haven't seen good old Mary
 since the last night.
 - Sam, let's come over, Henry.
 - It's nothing, Alice.
 - Nothing.
 Dear, do you realize he got up this morning
 and put coal in the furnace without being told?
 You don't suppose he's coming down with something.
 Nothing that won't wear off in 24 hours.
 Mother!
 Mary, what did I say?
 Henry, if you don't leave me alone, I'm gonna throw a pillow at you.
 Mary!
 Can't I be miserable and peace?
 Well, she was who's stopping him.
 Mary, do you sit down and have your breakfast?
 Breakfast, Mother, the way I feel?
 Henry, what did you say to your sister?
 Another thing, Father.
 All I did was mention what a nice day it was,
 cheerfully, as though we weren't even brother and sister.
 And boys, you went all to pieces.
 Henry, it so happens Mary has had a little disagreement with Kermit, and she's very much upset.
 Aww.
 What sort of a disagreement, Alice?
 Well, it seems Mary waited in front of the movies the other night for more than an hour,
 and Kermit never showed up.
 You don't say.
 Now, Mary will even talk to him.
 Poor old Kermit.
 I always kind of liked him.
 Henry, he hasn't passed away.
 [audience laughter]
 Well, sure, Father, sure.
 Mother, you can tell Mary to stop worrying.
 Things are always darkest before the dawn.
 I've got an idea, excuse me.
 Henry, you're not to go near your sister.
 Sam, what are you supposed to do about Mary?
 She's just miserable.
 Misalable? I thought she went dancing with Joe Graham last night.
 Yes, dear, and that's a very good example of how heartbroken she is.
 Alice, that doesn't mean a thing.
 It does.
 You remember that spat? We had that Fourth of July just before we were married.
 I dated Beaches Kilroy three nights in a row just to get even.
 Sam Aldrich, you told me you just sat in your room and read Keats and Shelley.
 I did?
 Pass the cream, please.
 You can reach it and excuse me.
 Where are you going?
 To bring Mary some orange juice and try to cheer her up.
 Peaches Kilroy indeed.
 Mary!
 I'm just going upstairs.
 Dear, I'm glad to see you eating that roll.
 I'm just keeping body and sewn together.
 That's very wise and how about a soft boy of egg?
 On top of my waffles?
 Miri!
 I'll make you a cup of hot cocoa.
 Miri, you're lying on the phone!
 I am by who?
 Why, I'm not sure, but the voice sounded very familiar.
 Here.
 My goodness, I didn't even hear it ring!
 Hello!
 Hello?
 Who...
 Who is this?
 Me, Kermit.
 What?
 Kermit, Henry said you wanted to talk to me.
 Well, look!
 Oh, look!
 Henry, you're old rich!
 Mary, what do you hang up for?
 In the future, I'll thank you to mind your own business.
 Well, how can I marry without breaking my new year's resolution?
 Main Henry, where am I?
 I'm in here, Normard.
 Wait, can we give a scene such a terrible morning?
 Whose role is this?
 What?
 Whose role is this?
 Oh, you can have it.
 Thanks.
 I've never met a more unreasonable woman than Agri-Slawson.
 You have any butter on you?
 No.
 Oh.
 Something's happened between you and I also
 She won't well gee whiz sit down and tell me all about it
 It's nothing to tell just because she saw me having a soda with Geraldine love she flies off the handle
 Oh, and I explained that Geraldine just happened to be sitting on the next two and she didn't believe you know
 She insists she saw us drinking out of the same glass
 Were you Henry Geraldine politely asked me to see if her soda wasn't too sweet?
 Gee, Lushin' over, my folks have been trying to get me to be a gentleman.
 Homer, don't worry about a thing.
 Just as soon as I see who's at the door, I'm gonna start helping you out.
 Helping me out of what?
 The puppies from very old rich from the candy kitchen.
 No kidding.
 Well, that's certainly very thoughtful of you to deliver this just at this time.
 What's that?
 I'm thanking you.
 Oh, well.
 You're welcome.
 So long.
 So long to you too, and I hope someday somebody does as much for you.
 I'm sending Mary presents Henry.
 Homer, this is all a part of something you don't know about.
 Mary!
 Henry, please, don't come near me.
 But Kermit sent you a present!
 It looks like a box of stuffed dates!
 It's fine, that's wonderful!
 You can throw them in the trash can for all I care!
 Throw them in the trash can?
 When Homer's here?
 [Laughter]
 Here at Homer all the time, her have won.
 No thanks, I don't like stuffed dates.
 But she was your hurt Kermit's feelings.
 Why should I make myself sick so Kermit's feelings will be hurt?
 You'll eat them.
 When I feel so good?
 Look, Homer, how would you like to be hell?
 Well...
 Or...
 Are you gonna be just like Mary and say I'm just buddy-
 Kim, you let go of me!
 Boys, you're not fighting, are you?
 Fighting Mother Gee was no.
 I'm just offering Homer a helping hand.
 And so far he has a very nice attitude about it.
 Well, that's fine.
 Mary!
 Yes, Mother!
 I'd like to see you for a moment.
 Listen Homer, the first thing you've got to realize is it's always darkest before the
 Henry, what's the weather got to do with me and Egg?
 Mother, it's about that box of stuffed dates. I'm not interested.
 Mary, did you hang up on Kermit a while ago?
 Yes, Mother, I certainly did.
 Well, there I'm ashamed of you. He just called back and you know what he told me.
 I'm not even interested. What?
 He wasn't supposed to meet you in front of the movies at all.
 He wasn't. No, you were demeated the library under the gargoyle.
 Oh my goodness, the gargoyle, that's right.
 Mother, he'll never speak to me again.
 Yes, he will. There he's on his way up here.
 Now? Mother, he can't be.
 But Mary!
 Look at my hair, I'm not even dressed.
 Now Mary just calmed down.
 And the dates, Mother. What did Henry do with the dates?
 Fear I don't know.
 Mother, I couldn't face Kermit without his stuffed eggs.
 [music]
 Well, here we are, Homer.
 I don't think it'll work.
 Sure it will.
 Once you hand-agnes these stuffed dates,
 you'll forget all about Geraldine.
 Now, smile.
 What's for?
 She was home.
 Don't you know everyone likes a cheerful person?
 Smile.
 Okay, there.
 More.
 How's that?
 Forget it Homer
 Just fix your bowtie and let's go in look can me maybe we ought to think about this for a minute about what suppose the dates don't work
 I mean whenever Agnes loses her tempo. She forgets. She's well bred look Homer
 There's only one way to face life, and that's to face it. I'd rather face life than Agnes
 Can't you at least do this can't you go in and see if she's in the good mood?
 Well, all right well, and I'll be hiding behind this book. Okay
 When you see me pull down the living room shade it means everything's okay
 Then you walk in smiling as if you were a very careful person sure
 Yeah, yeah
 Left foot what for?
 Agnesol was steps on it then pretends it was an accident. Oh my duck. I hear someone
 Well, gee whiz hi Ag
 Hi!
 Hi!
 What do you want?
 Just playing a friendly call?
 Yeah?
 Hi!
 Is anyone with you?
 What anyone?
 You know what anyone, you know what anyone is with you?
 Well, do you want to see anyone?
 No, come on in.
 Well, what's up, kid?
 Agnes.
 Agnes, have you ever looked at it this way?
 Things are always darkest before the dawn.
 What?
 I mean, on the outside it may look bad, but from the inside,
 Dizzy was from the inside, everything looks different.
 The inside of what?
 Homer.
 Homer!
 Don't ever mention that chazanovia.
 What?
 Chazanovia chazanovia!
 Imagine making sodas out of the same glass.
 Doesn't he know that's a perfect way to get germs?
 Anna's Geraldine doesn't mean a thing to Homer.
 Sure, sure.
 Honest, if she did, wouldn't he have sent her this box of candy?
 Instead of you?
 Candy?
 Sure.
 For me?
 Sure.
 Candy! Oh, boy!
 You mean you're pleased?
 Why, how can I ever get me candy in my life? Let me open it.
 Go ahead, Agnes.
 Oh, and isn't the sun in your eyes?
 No!
 Honey, now let me pull down this shade.
 I'll be darned!
 Is there something wrong?
 Dates! These are stuffed dates!
 Well, sure.
 Whoever said stuffed dates were candy.
 Where did he get them?
 At a clearance sale?
 Well, I'll answer the door.
 Never mind, I'm practically there.
 It's probably the wrong number.
 I mean the wrong house.
 Henry, that must be the new kid that moved in next door.
 No.
 He saw me chaining myself on the back porch
 and I've been expecting him to drop in all day.
 Agnes, I'm sure that isn't--
 Henry, step aside.
 Oh, she's pregnant.
 Agnes, you realize you stepped on my toe?
 Well, it's about time.
 Father, you mean it's just you?
 I'm afraid it is.
 Oh, boy.
 I forgot my key.
 Agnes, let's put it up to your father
 and see if you're not being unreasonable about Homer.
 Henry, I've had a very hard day.
 You have?
 Yes.
 Well, Mr. Lawson, just remember, things are always darkest before the dawn.
 What?
 Have a stuffed date?
 No, thanks.
 I don't want to spoil my dinner.
 I don't blame you.
 Although Mrs. Lawson's very fond of dates.
 Let me have them, Henry.
 Sure, Mr. Lawson.
 And would you tell her Homer sent them over for the entire family
 to enjoy?
 Including Agnes.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Mother, did you call Charlie Clark?
 Yes.
 And Willie Marshall?
 Yes, dear.
 Goodness Henry must be somewhere.
 I suppose I start calling the girls Henry no.
 Mother, that'll take all day and Kermit's do any minute.
 Henry, is that you?
 No, Mary, it's your father.
 I've been to every candy shop in town and there isn't another box of stuffed dates to be bought.
 Mother?
 The box the candy kitchen sold Kermit was the last one they had.
 Oh dear.
 They seem quite relieved and sold it.
 What am I going to do?
 An airy thing's not that bad.
 I love that you don't understand what those stuff dates mean.
 The very first time Permit took me out we ate some.
 Can't you see the sentiment that's attached?
 In that case, there's just one thing we can do.
 What? Make some stuff dates of our own.
 An airy opened the cupboard and handed me that box of dried prunes.
 Prunes?
 Prunes?
 When they're stuffed and have sugar on them, Permit will never know the difference.
 - What is he?
 - He's here, come here, I'll die.
 - Don't worry, control yourself.
 Sam, let him in.
 - I?
 - Yes, dear, and keep him occupied
 until we've got the prunes all stuck.
 - What Alice, my rose arbor.
 - Sam, what's more important?
 Your arbor, your daughter?
 - All right, Alice, I'll keep him occupied, but hurry.
 - Tell him she's dressing.
 Now let me see what can be used for stuffing.
 - Mother.
 - Oh, I know peanut butter.
 - Mother, I beg of you, don't embarrass me.
 - Mary, calm down and start stuffing.
 [Music]
 Agnes, won't you be reasonable and say you'll forgive Homer?
 You want a direct answer?
 Yeah.
 No.
 Okay Agnes, okay. But just remember, you're taking full responsibility for whatever happens to poor old Homer.
 What's going to happen to him?
 Who knows?
 JP's in pretty soon, he won't be able to sleep.
 Yeah?
 Or eat.
 Who, Hollner?
 Sure.
 They'll start going down in his studies.
 Further down?
 And it'll all be your fault.
 Gee.
 Gee, the poor kid.
 Why am I a heel?
 You are.
 You know that sun shining right in again.
 Maybe I ought to pull this other shade down.
 What for?
 Whoops.
 [CLAPPING]
 No reason.
 Did I just hear the doorbell ring?
 No.
 Maybe I want to pull down the shades in the hall.
 Wait, Henry, enough's enough.
 I thought you were our friend of Homer.
 Agnes, what do you mean?
 That's okay, kid. That's okay.
 But just let's get one thing straight.
 You can pull those shades down all you like,
 but it won't do you a bit of good.
 Well, Agnes, you don't think I'm--
 So pull 'em up, Henry.
 Pull 'em up.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But what Agnes--
 Oh, my God.
 If you will pull 'em up, I will.
 Oh, boy.
 No wonder you pulled down all the shades.
 Is that your old being loved out there?
 Look at her falling all over Homer!
 But Agnes, why don't I lay my hands on that cazenovial?
 She's just tying his bow tie!
 With her head so close together?
 I think.
 Henry!
 Yes Mrs. Lawson?
 You've missed him, every once and a once on the phone!
 And thanks Mrs. Lawson, Agnes don't do anything rash until I get back.
 Look, how'd I look? How'd I know she's standing his head?
 But he's doing it just for you!
 Hello?
 Henry, I've been calling all over town for you.
 We're our comments, dates! He's here already!
 Kermit? You mean you've made up?
 Oh Henry, stop asking foolish questions.
 Mother and I have been working for a half an hour and we've only stopped three prunes
 and we can't get the wrinkles out of those!
 Mary, what are you talking about?
 Henry, where are my dates?
 They're here!
 We'll bring them right home!
 Sure, Mary. They're not doing Homer any good anyway.
 Goodbye!
 And hurry!
 Listen, Henry, all which where are you?
 In here, Homer!
 Why are you trying to fix her up or you are?
 Homer, what happened to you?
 What I'd like to know I noticed the shade was down so I started to come in and you know what Agnes did to me
 What hit me with a bag of water from our bedroom window
 Don't worry. I'll straighten you and Agnes out just as soon as I take care of Mary. Mrs. Lawson
 Where is it raining out in a way?
 Mrs. Lawson about that box of stuff. Yes, I certainly want to thank you boys for bringing those
 Well, Mrs. Lawson. It's been years since I've baked date bread. Yeah
 Daybreak yes, I just put it in the oven Henry. What's wrong?
 Mrs. Lawson now why don't you both stop by later and I'll give you a slice from Mrs. Lawson
 boy
 Big red letter stand for the jello family oh the big red letter stand for the jello family
 That's Jello!
 Yum yum yum!
 Jello, puttings, yum yum yum!
 Jello, tuck, the och of putting just a ring!
 Yes, that's the Jello family, and here's news of a grand bargain offer that Jello is
 making right now of the biggest bargain in years.
 The offer of a full set of six beautiful individual aluminum jello molds, yes real aluminum,
 sturdy good looking long lasting.
 Their handsome fluted molds, the type that have been so hard to get for such a long time.
 These molds are a guaranteed 60 cent value and you get the whole set of 6 molds for just
 25 cents plus a coupon you'll find on a special banded combination of 3 packages of jello
 puddings.
 This offer is for a limited time only so get here grossers quick for jello's big bargain
 offer.
 6 real aluminum molds are 60 cent value for just a quarter plus the jello puddings coupon.
 message.
 I'm now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
 Henry arose this morning with a deep resolve to be helpful to his fellow humans, including
 Homer.
 Through his earnest efforts, the stuff dates which Mary received as a gift have now wound up in Mrs. Lawson's date bread.
 The scene opens on the Lawson's back porch. It is later the same afternoon.
 Quiet, Henry.
 Homer, are you sure there's no one in the Lawson's kitchen?
 Positive. I look through the window. Now, easy while I try the door knob.
 Homer, I'm pretty sure what we're doing is against the law.
 Aren't they your date?
 Sure, but they're in Mrs. Lawson's date, Brad.
 That's just a technicality.
 Besides, you have to hit me with a bag of water.
 Agnes forfeit it all right to them.
 Look out.
 What are you doing?
 I think I smell something in the oven.
 Ow!
 Oh, tumor!
 Boy, is that hot? Is that hot?
 Tumor, look!
 There it is, in that pan!
 Get it out!
 I am!
 Tum-ouch!
 Here's a paper bag, put it in.
 Ouch! Ouch!
 Ouch!
 You got it?
 Sure
 Boy we're close the oven door
 There I didn't realize you boys were still here
 Yeah, goodbye missus loss and come on. Oh, oh my dear
 Yes, missus lost. I hope you've forgiven Agnes for throwing that water. She's very impulsive. Yes, ma'am. I found that out
 Lucille!
 I'm in the kitchen, Frank!
 Lucille? This is the most delicious date, Greg. I've ever eaten.
 You tasted it?
 It looks so delicious sitting there on the dining room table. I just couldn't resist it.
 Thank you, Deb. Please don't take any more.
 I have a wonderful salmon loaf in the oven for dinner and you'll have to drink it.
 Won't, you know, won't you have another piece of fruit?
 - Crime it. - Uh huh.
 - Fruit? - Oh, no, no, thank you, Mr. Aldrich.
 I've already had two pairs, an apple, and a sizable bunch of grapes.
 - And a banana. - That's right.
 - I lost track, I guess. - Yes.
 Yes.
 - Did you suppose Mary'll be finished dressing soon? - Oh, pretty soon.
 That's what being married is. - But I'm not married.
 Oh, of course, what I meant was, well that is...
 We've been having an awful lot of rain, don't you think?
 Yes, quite a bit!
 Yes.
 You, uh...
 You might even call it unusually rainy.
 I guess you could.
 Good for the farmers though.
 Now that's true.
 But you take resort owners, I wouldn't say it was too good for them.
 No, no.
 But it's good for taxi drivers.
 Yes.
 How is it for lawyers?
 Why?
 It's just about to say.
 Yeah, it's very good for the newspaper business.
 Oh, people read more papers when it rains?
 No, they hold them over their heads.
 That's a trade joke.
 I see.
 Mary must be dressed by now.
 Mary!
 Yes, Father, did Henry come?
 Hello, Kermit.
 Hello, Mary.
 Where's Henry?
 He hasn't come. What? Why not sit down and talk to Kermit anyway? Before I get... before I get... I goodness not the fruit bowl is almost empty. I've got to feel it again. But Mary Mary, I've already had two pairs of apple and a sizable bunch of grapes. And a banana. Mary Mary!
 Listen, Kitty, go away.
 She was him.
 Why do you suppose those cats are following us?
 Oh, I told you.
 When you're a cheerful person, everybody likes your company.
 Listen, cats.
 Listen, V did you catch her, I'll throw this tin can at you.
 There!
 Homer, quit fooling around in a hurry.
 Henry, let's take a look at that date grid.
 Oh no.
 She was what's wrong with looking.
 I know you, Homer. You just innocently look at something, and the next thing you know, there's only half left.
 And I would marry explain it to Kermit.
 How's she gonna explain it anyway?
 What do you mean?
 Well, if I gave a girl a box of dates and they turned up in date grid, I'd ask a few questions.
 Why, you're...
 Well, she can tell them she was so crazy about them she wanted to preserve them.
 And Greg.
 Well, she was.
 I thought I told you cats to be there.
 Homer, they're not the same cats.
 Yeah.
 She was, I never knew cats were so interested in date, Greg.
 And we hear some more.
 Hey, get down.
 Get down.
 [screaming]
 Alice, I've discussed the weather about as much as I'm going through.
 Sam, someone has to keep Kermit diverted?
 Let Mary do it.
 Now, Sam.
 Alice, she's got to learn how to handle Kermit.
 After all, she's the one who's marrying him, not me.
 Oh, you're all right.
 Sam, quiet.
 Coming, Kermit?
 Well, I guess I'd better be running along.
 So soon?
 And Ms. Lautage, I guess it's pretty obvious Mary's still mad at me.
 Oh, now Kermit.
 Do you have any willikers? I stood under the guard oil for nearly two hours.
 Well, yes, I didn't even have my art supporters on.
 We're here, Rie!
 Henry, is that you?
 Yes, Father, it's mine.
 Kermit, Mary will be here to speak to you in five minutes.
 She will? I guarantee it. Alice, take Kermit into the living room and make him comfortable.
 Yes, Sam, come along. Kermit, I'll fill up the fruit bowl, lady.
 But Mrs. Olbridge, I've already had two pairs, an apple and a sizable bunch of gurus.
 Henry, come in here.
 Father, before you say anything won't you listen to my son?
 Father, is that Henry?
 Sure, and Mary.
 Hey, all that's where we've viewed them.
 Well, I'll tell you.
 Never mind.
 Where are my stuffed dates?
 Well, first Mr. Lawson used them to patch up Mrs. Lawson.
 What?
 Yes, sir.
 Then she used them to bake date bread.
 Only somehow it turned into salmon loaves.
 Henry.
 Father, I'm just as confused as you long.
 Father, what am I going to do?
 Henry, you'll just have to go in and tell Kermit
 this was all your fault.
 with Mary think how he'll feel toward me.
 Think of how he'll feel toward me.
 I know, but you is.
 Kermit was going to get me passes
 for all the baseball games this summer.
 Henry, just remember things are always darkest
 before the dog.
 (audience laughing)
 What?
 Henry, if you don't, I'll never speak to you again.
 Henry, I'm afraid there's no other way up.
 Yes, Father.
 But there's one thing I've learned today.
 Yes.
 I'll never look under my bed again.
 - Criminal timer, are you in the living room?
 - Father, do you think criminal listen to Henry?
 - As long as he doesn't talk about the weather.
 - Sam, come quick!
 - What's wrong?
 - Not back yard, it's full of cats!
 (laughing)
 - What?
 - That's saying you shouldn't see,
 but they're doing where I rose, Oliver!
 - What?
 Where did they come from?
 - I'll get the phone!
 - Hello!
 - Hello, Mary, this is Joe.
 - Joe?
 - Joe Graham.
 I just called to say what a swell time I had last night.
 - Oh, well that's fine, Joe.
 Can I see you tonight?
 Oh, well, I'll tell you.
 I don't think so.
 Something wrong, Mary?
 Wrong.
 Didn't you like them or something?
 Like what?
 Were those stuffed dates I sent you?
 They!
 You said them?
 Sure.
 Oh, my goodness.
 What's wrong?
 Oh, my goodness.
 Every moment you come back here and I'll never speak to you again!
 [music]
 [applause]
 [applause]
 I'm not going to say to you.
 And just remember, you're a lady.
 It's about that sound love you snitched at our house.
 Oh boy.
 And it's just this, homeroal kid.
 Kid, I'll ask for Givin'!
 It is, well, Gee, would.
 Sure, it's the least I can do.
 On account of if there ever was a dull dish
 at Sam and Lo, bye!
 Well, here's something that isn't a dull dish,
 and that's jello puddings.
 Yes, jello, chocolate, butter, scotch, and vanilla puddings.
 Chock full of old-fashioned homemade goodness.
 Tomorrow, try creamy strawberry pudding,
 a springtime delight.
 Just prepare a package of jello vanilla pudding
 as usual, and chill. Line sherbet glasses with luscious fresh frozen strawberries, and
 pour your creamy-rich jello vanilla pudding over them. Plenty of excitement in this delicious
 dessert. All three jello puddings are made with milk and nourishing, and they cook to
 velvety perfection in just about five minutes. No wonder more people buy jello puddings than
 any other prepared puddings in the world.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Say again, you know what week this is?
 No, what week is it?
 National Boys Club Week. Homer had you know a thing like that. She was on the boy, aren't I?
 Well, Homer, let me salute you. And
 300,000 boys club members. Sure for the swell work they're doing all over the country.
 [Music]
 The Old Ridge family starring Ezra Stone is Henry with Jackie Kalka's Homer,
 is written by Norman Tokar and Ed Juris with music by Jack Miller.
 Mr. and Mrs. Aldrich are House Jamison and Catherine Rod.
 And this is Dan Seymour in New York saying,
 "The Aldrich family is brought to you by the Jell-O family."
 ♪ Oh, the Big Red Ladders stand for the Jell-O family ♪
 ♪ Oh, the Big Red Ladders stand for the Jell-O family ♪
 ♪ That's Jell-O, yum, yum, jell-o, puttings, yum, yum, yum ♪
 [Music]
 [Music]
 And now stay tuned to the Burns and Allen Show, which follows immediately over most of these same stages.
 [Music]
 This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company.
 (piano music)
 (gentle music)
 (bell dings)
